
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer PathAI Boston, MA PathAI's mission is to improve patient outcomes through AI-powered pathology. We have built a revolutionary platform for transforming the drug development process through large-scale image analysis, identification of novel biomarkers, and improved patient selection. Our prediction platform is able to detect individual cancer and immune cells in gigapixel histology images, make reliable diagnoses, and provide estimates about survival and drug response. 
 
We have access to a wide variety of data sources, and work closely with an unparalleled network of partners in biotech, pharma and academia. Our efforts are already yielding biological insights accelerating translational research and products that are being used to drive and improve a variety of clinical trials. 
 
We're shaping the future and direction of digital pathology and drug development through our AI-centric approach. Joining PathAI is an opportunity to make a massive impact by improving outcomes for patients around the world. 
 
What you will do: 
 Designing, developing and optimizing machine learning models with large-scale datasets to transform pathology-based disease diagnosis, drug development and drug discovery. 
 Formulating innovative analytical solutions to support new disease areas and novel pathology domains. 
 Improving and optimizing machine learning techniques to achieve better model performance and to expand PathAI's scientific and product capabilities. 
 Developing libraries and maturing our platform for accelerating our ability to develop, evaluate and monitor machine learning models. 
 Collaborating effectively with all project stakeholders to clarify objectives and expectations, identifying obstacles to success, generating documentations to reflect technical decisions and project plans. 
 
 You will have the opportunity to work in a company culture that puts employees first, is relaxed but focused and hard-working. Every PathAI employee is a contributor to our mission to pioneer better patient care by providing the best, most innovative deep learning tools to biotech, pathologists, clinicians and healthcare organizations. You will work alongside leading innovators in the field of deep learning and medicine, and play a critical role in algorithm development. 
 
What you'll need: 
 Undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Computational Science, Bioinformatics, Mathematics or related fields, with focus on Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. 
 One to two years of experience in developing machine learning techniques in computer vision, natural language processing, and similar applications. 
 One to two years of software engineering experience in building and maintaining machine learning engineering systems using industry-standard tools and frameworks. 
 Experience in Python programming and AI libraries including tensorflow or pytorch. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 Masters or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, Mathematics or related fields, with focus on Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. 
 Two to four years of relevant work experience in the AI and machine learning industry 
 Working knowledge of advanced ML techniques with application to biomedical, healthcare, and bioinformatics problems. 
 Background in designing, developing, and deploying robust, scalable, cloud-based AI solutions 
 Benefits: 
 
For the right candidate, we'll offer a competitive salary plus equity. Your compensation is rounded out by a strong benefits package: 
 
 Flexible work hours 
 Three weeks of paid leave per year, an additional two weeks of sick time, plus extended holidays and team-approved leave 
 Ten days of 100% subsidized childcare per year 
 Healthcare, vision, and dental insurance plans (HMO or PPO), with voluntary add-ons available for dependent care, life, and accident coverage 
 Commuter benefit available for public transit or parking 
 Convertible sit-stand desks 
 Weekly in-office yoga classes 
 
 Most importantly, you'll be doing important work with a team of people you'll genuinely enjoy spending the day with. 
 
 
PathAI is an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to creating a workplace that is free of harassment and discrimination. We base our employment decisions on business needs, job requirements, and qualifications — that's all. We do not discriminate based on race, gender, religion, health, personal beliefs, age, family or parental status, or any other status. We don't tolerate any kind of discrimination or bias, and we are looking for teammates who feel the same way. 
 
 
PathAI does not accept unsolicited submissions from third-parties. PathAI 1 day ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at PathAI in Boston, MA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from PathAI Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
