
 
 
 
 VP, Commercial Operations, Genesys Digital and AI - Durham, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VP, Commercial Operations, Genesys Digital and AI Genesys 294 reviews Durham, NC Genesys 294 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company VP, Commercial Operations, Genesys Digital and AI 
 
Genesys is building an exciting new business focused of Digital Experience as a Service. As the leader in customer experience, we are well positioned to address the $20 billion Digital CX market, leveraging the tremendous success of our Genesys Cloud SaaS platform and our world-leading AI technology. We are now looking for a business development leader to deliver results in one of the largest private B2B software companies in the world. This is an opportunity for tremendous leadership to maintain and grow the strategic position for the world's #1 Customer Experience Platform. 
 
 Reporting to the SVP & COO, Genesys Digital and AI, you will be a key member of the leadership team in developing and executing the Genesys Digital Business strategy. As a senior leader within the organization, your objective is to drive growth, business development and execution across the entire Genesys Digital & AI portfolio. We are seeking an expert with deep understanding of sales and marketing processes, field enablement, customer success, strategic partnerships, P&L management, and analytics and reporting, specifically in a Cloud / SaaS environment. 
 
 Your key focus will include optimizing and transforming our business models, as we evolve our Digital offerings and nurture our existing customers. You will own cross-functional responsibilities and serve as the primary interface to drive the following initiatives / responsibilities: 
 
 Business Development and Sales Enablement: 
 Work with sales and marketing leaders to identify growth opportunities and collaborate on Go-To- Market plays. 
 Identify competitive differentiation opportunities, devise effective strategies to exploit advantages, and transfer knowledge to sales teams on productmessaging. 
 Work with sales, partners and customers to drive new business for Genesys 
 Work with customer success and sales teams on nurturing programs, expansion and adoption for existing customers. 
 
 Partner Success: 
 Represent the Digital BU in working with the Strategic Alliances organization around key alliances and AppFoundry partners. 
 Represent the Digital BU in identifying and working technical and system integrator partnership opportunities. 
 Ensure partner sales teams are enabled and connected within the Digitalbusiness to ensure their success. 
 The preferred candidate will have proven experience in the following areas: 
 Working with Digital Commercial & Technical partner executives 
 Ability to collaborate on development and customer opportunities 
 Experience working with Channel, System Integrator heads of sales and executives 
 Experience displacing competitive deployments 
 Ability to influence the pipeline and drive focus on the Digital Offers 
 
 Required Experience 
 15+ years of experience in enterprise technology industry across strategic planning and/or product strategy, nurturing relationships and creating alliances and partner agreements, defining go-to-market strategies, plans and execution. 
 Understanding of SaaS/subscription and software licensing models 
 Proven leadership experience leading high performing teams in fast-paced environments, driving complex, transformation initiatives cross-functionally 
 Demonstrated ability to collaborate and influence across a matrix style organization to achieve corporate goals. 
 Broad business perspective allowing for the effective integration of the business functions i.e. sales, application development and services. 
 Experience in collaboratively working with development organizations that engage in Agile development methods highly desirable. 
 Understanding of CX ecosystem and partners 
 Demonstrated ability to clearly articulate and influence growth and expansion strategies to executives and cross-functional teams - product, engineering, sales, partners, customer success, legal, finance, marketing. 
 High aptitude to learn quickly, assimilate to new teams and projects, provide critical thinking on new tasks, and work well under pressure with appropriate attention to detail. 
 
 Benefits 
 Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance 
 Telehealth coverage 
 Flexible work schedules and work from home opportunities 
 Development and career growth opportunities 
 Open Time Off 
 401(k) matching program 
 Adoption Assistance 
 Infertility treatments 
 
 See more Genesys benefits information at https://mygenesysbenefits.com/ GENESYS 6 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President of Operations jobs in Durham, NC Jobs at Genesys in Durham, NC Vice President of Operations salaries in Durham, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Genesys Genesys 294 reviews Genesys® powers 25 billion of the world’s best customer experiences each year. Our success comes from connecting employee and customer co... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
