
 
 
 
 Corporate Counsel, Cloud Transactions - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Corporate Counsel, Cloud Transactions Microsoft 7,268 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Full-time Microsoft 7,268 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Help Microsoft build the cloud! We are looking for an experienced technology transactions attorney to help build the infrastructure for Microsoft’s rapidly expanding global cloud. This position will focus on counseling and transaction support for the engineering organizations developing innovative datacenter hardware, systems, and solutions. 
Responsibilities 
Legal Advice and Counsel 
Acts as the primary legal contact (generalist or subject matter expert) for assigned clients; executes routine to moderate-impact legal matters; provides support (e.g., revises templates, answers client questions about legal process) to higher-level attorneys.
 Serves as a contributor to clients and colleagues about legal and related business matters (e.g., privacy, intellectual property, regulatory compliance). 
Identifies and anticipates legal risks in the client's business, technology, and/or public policy, and proposes solutions to mitigate future risk. 
Interacts with outside counsel or other service providers to address and resolve project-specific issues. 
Structures, drafts, and negotiates transactional documents (e.g., standard agreements with third parties).
 Conducts, reviews, interprets, and analyzes legal information; maintains a basic understanding of legal principles within his or her primary legal practice area. 
Monitors business activity to ensure legal compliance policies/standards are followed; advises and helps clients understand compliance issues, identifies risks including anti-trust/anti-corruption, and offers solutions. 
Identifies and engages appropriate stakeholders in Legal and Corporate Affairs and business to escalate issues. 
Operational Excellence 
Provides input and continuous feedback to improve process efficiencies within role; identifies opportunities and tools to increase operational efficiency and effectiveness. 
Manages project work expenses according to budget and proposes efficiencies. 
Models compliance and maintains confidentiality, attorney-client privilege, privacy, and the security of data. 
Communication 
Collaborates effectively within Legal and Corporate Affairs work group and direct business clients. 
Organizes issues and ideas in written and verbal communication. 
Other 
Embody our culture and values 
Developing strong, trusted advisor relationships and counseling cloud engineering groups on a broad range of legal and policy issues, including intellectual property, open source, collaborative development, artificial intelligence, human rights, sustainability, regulatory compliance, privacy, and security. 
Drafting and negotiating complex agreements supporting Microsoft’s design, development, prototyping, and acquisition of hardware and software solutions for Microsoft’s cloud infrastructure. 
Creating new contract models, templates, and process improvements to improve quality and reduce cycle time for agreements to develop new datacenter hardware. 
Collaborating with stakeholders within and across organizational boundaries, including engineering leaders, technical project leaders, supply chain sourcing managers, and compliance specialists. 
Qualifications 
Required/Minimum Qualifications 
Juris Doctorate Degree or Equivalent International Degree 
OR Completion of a Legal Apprenticeship. 
Active license to practice law in a jurisdiction and capable of meeting admission requirements in relevant jurisdiction. 
3+ years experience as a practicing attorney
 OR equivalent practice of law. 
Additional or Preferred Qualifications
 1+ years experience as an attorney supporting complex commercial transactions, ideally with experience in intellectual property and technology transactions. 
1+ years of experience counseling and working with engineering, sourcing, or other non-legal clients on complex commercial and regulatory issues. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Corporate Counsel jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Corporate Counsel salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,268 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
