
 
 
 
 Computerized Maintenance Management Software Engineer - Georgetown, KY 40324 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Computerized Maintenance Management Software Engineer Toyota 8,345 reviews Georgetown, KY 40324 Toyota 8,345 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Who We Are 
Collaborative. Respectful. A place to dream and do. These are just a few words that describe what life is like at Toyota. As one of the world's most admired brands, Toyota is growing and leading the future of mobility through innovative, high-quality solutions designed to enhance lives and delight those we serve. We're looking for diverse, talented team members who want to Dream. Do. Grow. with us.
 Who We're Looking For 
Toyota's IT Experience (ITx) Manufacturing group is looking for a passionate, technical, and highly motivated experienced manager to lead the Plant Maintenance Experience. 
The primary responsibility of this role is to deliver exceptional applications & user experiences through collaboration with company customers, ITx colleagues, business partners, and other stakeholders and demonstrate strong initiative, relationship building, and influential communication skills while applying Toyota Way principles. 
Reporting to the Manager of the Maintenance & Spare Parts Experience, this person will work with Production Engineering and the Regional Maintenance organization to develop and deliver world-class tools supporting all manufacturing plant equipment across North America and will also be instrumental in expanding to 100k+ equipment sensors over the next 3 years supporting Digital Factory / Industry 4.0. 
What You'll Be Doing
 Lead our Maintenance IT Experience team to understand/assess changing business needs while considering technology and business impact. 
 Effectively articulate and communicate business alternatives to a variety of audiences across the business and ITx leadership.
 
 Collaborate across all North American Production Engineering, Regional Maintenance cross-functional team (SOAR), Manufacturing plants, & TMNA enterprise ITx groups to build consensus on decisions.
 
 Continual focus on new technologies, platforms, strategies, and solutions for the future based on technical and economic feasibility.
 
 Work with Strategic vendor partners like IBM, SAP, TRM, Infosys, and others to progress the application rationalization & cloud modernization plan by developing strategic roadmaps and benchmarking both internally and externally.
 
 Develop & deploy Predictive Maintenance (PdM) internal Enterprise solution integrating Equipment Data collection / Sensors (Heat, Vibration, Cycle times), Machine Learning / AI models, Mobile application, notifications, and integration with Maximo. These complex applications play an increasing role in our OneToyota and North America Global Best Manufacturing Strategy. 
 Deliver high visibility projects and new capabilities on an Enterprise Asset Management Platform (Maximo) supporting 13 Manufacturing Plants and over 5000 end-users following Scrum / Agile practice.
 
 Strong management framework to effectively lead a large team (organize, develop & exceed) and manage financials (forecasting, tracking, and variances) for all activities. 
 Active leadership/engagement in daily operations by leading problem and incident management, including ticket monitoring, health checks, and escalations.
 
 Lead regular reviews of the portfolio(s) to identify opportunities for improvement in the areas of stability, performance, and complexity reduction.
 
 Encourage & coach both the IT and Business team in the scrum / agile framework to deliver even better products and services. 
What You Bring
 A bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems or related discipline, or equivalent work experience. 
 A progressive demonstrated functional work experience. 
 Experience with team leadership / supervisory. 
 High-level communication skills to influence and persuade others. 
 Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to create and present concepts to make recommendations to management. 
 Hands-on Application Development experience.
 
 Knowledge and experience with progressive technology solutions, including DevOps, AWS Cloud Computing, Micro-Services, Intelligent Automation, Big Data, and Analytics.
 
 Experience managing enterprise applications with large user populations. 
Added Bonus If You Have
 Detailed knowledge and experience with technologies and methodologies within the Manufacturing area. 
 Master's Degree. 
 SAP and/or Maximo knowledge/experience.
 
 Knowledgeable in SOX controls and associated audit procedures. 
Location / Travel Position will be based in Georgetown, KY, at the Production Engineering and Manufacturing Center (PEMC). 
 Monthly travel to North American Manufacturing Plants and/or Corporate Headquarters in Plano, TX should be expected. 
What We'll Bring 
During your interview process, our team can fill you in on all the details of our industry-leading benefits and career development opportunities. A few highlights include: A work environment built on teamwork, flexibility, and respect. 
 Professional growth and development programs to help advance your career, as well as tuition reimbursement. 
 Vehicle purchase & lease programs.
 
 Comprehensive health care and wellness plans for your entire family. 
 Flextime and virtual work options (if applicable). 
 Toyota 401(k) Savings Plan featuring a company match, as well as an annual retirement contribution from Toyota regardless of whether you contribute. 
 Paid holidays and paid time off. 
 Referral services related to prenatal services, adoption, childcare, schools, and more. 
 Flexible spending accounts. 
 Relocation assistance (if applicable). 
Belonging At Toyota 
Our success begins and ends with our people. We embrace diverse perspectives and value unique human experiences. Respect for all is our North Star. Toyota is proud to have 10+ different Business Partnering Groups across 100 different North American chapter locations that support team members' efforts to dream, do and grow without questioning that they belong. As a company that has been one of DiversityInc's Top 50 Companies for Diversity and a member of The Billion Dollar Roundtable supporting minority and woman-owned suppliers for over 10 years, we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer that celebrates the diversity of the communities where we live and do business. 
Applicants for our positions are considered without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, religion, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics. 
Have a question or need assistance with your application? Check out the How to Apply section of our careers page on Toyota.com. 
To save time applying, Toyota does not offer sponsorship of job applicants for employment-based visas or any other work authorization for this position at this time. Toyota Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Maintenance Engineer jobs in Georgetown, KY Jobs at Toyota in Georgetown, KY Maintenance Engineer salaries in Georgetown, KY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Toyota Toyota 8,345 reviews Come challenge what's possible with us.

We believe that when good ideas are shared, great things can happen. That's what led us to gre... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
