
 
 
 
 RESEARCHER - Madison, WI 53706 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search RESEARCHER University of Wisconsin–Madison 377 reviews Madison, WI 53706 Part-time University of Wisconsin–Madison 377 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Position Summary: 
 
 To understand our world and the universe, the Space Science and Engineering Center (SSEC) develops, deploys and supports 
instrumentation and software systems for research purposes across the world and beyond! SSEC's history of developing a 
diverse set of instruments ranges from the first weather satellite, to aircraft instruments monitoring the atmosphere, and to 
ground based atmospheric observing instrumentation. The challenge of operating research systems, in these environments, 
requires a broad set of disciplines and skills from the team of people involved. This dynamic environment requires us to learn 
about new scientific advances, systems and technologies on a regular basis. SSEC's mission supports faculty and academic 
staff led research with the development, fabrication, and implementation of experiments and new scientific research tools for 
national and international use. 
 
This position is located in the SSEC/CIMSS Aviation/Weather Hazards - Volcanic Ash unit.
 
 
The successful candidate will work with a research team developing and generating actionable near-realtime analysis of volcanic events worldwide, combining data from various polar-orbiting and geostationary satellites. Particular focus is on the U.S. Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite (GOES-R) series and Joint Polar Satellite System (JPSS) series, as well as related sensors on European, Japanese, and Korean spacecraft, in order to approach world-wide coverage of volcanic events. The candidate will also assist in the development and testing of improved methods for atmospheric state retrieval from satellite data, leading to accuracy and performance improvements in the VOLcanic Cloud Analysis Toolkit (VOLCAT) data processing system. Finally, the candidate will assist in tasks related to deployment, testing, and delivery automation using Continuous Integration automation, in collaboration with funding agencies seeking to perform production system integration.
 
 
The position requires the ability to work creatively, independently, and as part of a team. The candidate must have effective writing and communication skills, and is expected to pursue collaborations with experts nationally and internationally. The candidate is expected to contribute to professional journal articles, assist in proposal preparation, and to make technical presentations at national and international scientific meetings. 
 
 Position Duties: 
 
 List of Duties 
 
 Institutional Statement on Diversity: 
 
 Diversity is a source of strength, creativity, and innovation for UW-Madison. We value the contributions of each person and respect the profound ways their identity, culture, background, experience, status, abilities, and opinion enrich the university community. We commit ourselves to the pursuit of excellence in teaching, research, outreach, and diversity as inextricably linked goals. 
 
The University of Wisconsin-Madison fulfills its public mission by creating a welcoming and inclusive community for people from every background - people who as students, faculty, and staff serve Wisconsin and the world. 
 
For more information on diversity and inclusion on campus, please visit: Diversity and Inclusion 
 
 Degree and Area of Specialization: 
 
 M.S. in Atmospheric Science, Physics or related science, with a background in programming for satellite-based remote sensing application. 
 
 Minimum Years and Type of Relevant Work Experience: 
 
 Knowledge and experience in satellite measurement processing, specifically with processing systems that generate weather and climate decision support products. Experience working with large data sets and Numerical Weather Prediction (NWP) data products are required. Strong technical background in numerical computing within a UNIX environment is necessary. Proficiency in scientific programming languages including Fortran and Python are required. Candidate should be familiar with shell scripting, and scientific data formats such as HDF and NetCDF. Experience with Agile software development methodology, continuous integration, Git revision control, and software containerization are preferred but not required. Experience with Machine Learning (ML, "AI") approaches, especially as applicable to feature detection and tracking in multi-channel imagery is also preferred but not required. 
 
 Department(s): 
 
 A349100-VCRGE/SPACE SCI/SPACE SCI 
 
 Work Type: 
 
 Full or Part Time: 75% - 100% 
 
This position requires some work to be performed in-person, onsite, at a designated campus work location. Some work may be performed remotely, at an offsite, non-campus work location. Remote work agreements will be reviewed on an annual basis, minimally. 
 
 Appointment Type, Duration: 
 
 Ongoing/Renewable 
 
 Salary: 
 
 Minimum  $63,000 ANNUAL (12 months)
 
Depending on Qualifications University of Wisconsin–Madison 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Madison, WI Jobs at University of Wisconsin–Madison in Madison, WI Researcher salaries in Madison, WI Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Wisconsin–Madison University of Wisconsin–Madison 377 reviews Work for a world-class educational and research institution, located in one of America's best places to live! The University of Wisconsin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
