
 
 
 
 Product Designer (Remote Positions Available) - California - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Designer (Remote Positions Available) Fictiv California Remote Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Fictiv exists to enable hardware innovators to build better products, faster 
 
Our Digital Manufacturing Ecosystem is transforming how the next rockets, self driving cars, and life-saving robots are designed, developed and delivered to customers around the world. This transformation is made possible through our technology-backed platform, our global network of manufacturing partners, and our people with deep expertise in hardware and software development. In the last 7+ years, we've manufactured over 12M parts for early stage companies and large enterprises alike, helping them innovate with agility and get to market faster. 
 
Location:  At the time of posting, remote work is open to employees in the following states Arizona, California, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Kansas, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Nevada, New Hampshire, North Carolina, Oregon, South Carolina, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Washington, and the District of Columbia (D.C.). 
 Commitment:  Full Time 
 
 
What's in it for you? 
 
Help transform manufacturing industry with your design super power 
Fictiv is committed to transform the manufacturing industry by building a top-notch manufacturing network that provides reliable, fast and high quality access to hardware prototyping and production. Your design will impact product developers, engineers, manufacturers and supply chain managers on a global scale. The challenges you get to tackle range from operation automation, production transparency, new service models to AI-enabled decision making.
 Opportunity to grow leadership skills 
Hardware manufacturing is a complex process and involves a variety of expertises. The product team at Fictiv is responsible for making quick decisions that balance the needs of different users and introduce changes to business. As a designer you will be pushed to not only produce your best work, but to be a facilitator of decision making and presenter of your work in front of a diverse group of audience. 
 
 
What You'll Be Doing 
 Define UX solution in a given product area, from ideation, prototyping, testing to implementation 
 Design user interface, user flows and high-fidelity mockups for desktop application, mobile, email and website 
 Communicate design intent through user journeys, diagrams, sketches and other visual forms 
 Collaborate with business stakeholders, product managers and engineers to define user requirements and translate them into project specifications 
 
 
Desired traits 
 2+ years experience in UX design or related fields 
 Experience shipping user-facing software solutions and was responsible for driving the UX design from ideation to execution 
 Eye for details and strong visual design foundation (visual hierarchy, color, layout, contrast, etc.) 
 Desire to test your ideas and iterate them quickly 
 Desire to work with a diverse group of people to define solutions and discuss trade-offs 
 Eager to learn and grow, confident yet humble 
About Fictiv 
 
Fictiv is transforming how teams design, develop, and deliver the next generation of hardware products. 
 
Fictiv is a manufacturing platform and the most efficient way to fabricate parts. Powered by a distributed network of highly vetted vendors, Fictiv provides the critical infrastructure teams need to streamline prototyping and accelerate development cycles. The online interface makes it easy for customers to get instant quotes, review manufacturing feedback, and manage orders—all through a single service. 
 
We're actively seeking potential teammates who can bring diverse perspectives and experience to our culture and company. We believe inclusion is the best way to create a strong, empathetic team. Our belief is that the best team is born from an environment that emphasizes respect, honesty, collaboration, and growth. 
 
We encourage applications from members of underrepresented groups, including but not limited to women, members of the LGBTQ community, people of color, people with disabilities, and veterans. Fictiv 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Designer jobs in California Jobs at Fictiv in California Product Designer salaries in California Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fictiv Fictiv is creating a new world order in which software democratizes access to fast, high quality manufacturing. We’re breaking down barri... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
