
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Boston, MA 02210 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer Autonodyne Boston, MA 02210 Job details Salary $60,000 - $100,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Software Engineer 
 Department: Software Engineering 
 Location: 320 Congress St Boston, MA 02120 Floor 1 
 Join the A-team. Autonodyne is a Boston-based software AI company specializing in control of autonomous vehicles. Our software suite sits at the nexus of Human-Machine Interface & Autonomy Behaviors. We are a small company - you will have an immediate impact on the growing success of our organization. Autonodyne’s offices are in the Seaport District of Boston, Massachusetts and is looking for multiple full-stack software engineers who are passionate about artificial intelligence algorithms and the UAS/UAV/Unmanned space. This position reports to the Director of Software Engineering. 
 Responsibilities: 
 Development to expand the baseline functionality of the Autonodyne mobile control station software 
 Contribute and implement front end and back end design decisions 
 Integrate additional autonomy behaviors 
 Work with customers to deliver requested software features 
 Support flight test, as required 
 Qualifications: 
 You’ve studied - you have a BA, BS, or MS in computer science or a related field, or equivalent experience. 
 You’ve coded - you are comfortable in object-oriented languages like C#, C++, or Java; you have a solid grasp of algorithms, data structures, and design patterns. 
 You collaborate - you can explain your work, you can ask great questions, you can listen to your peers and your customers, and you like to give and receive feedback. 
 You’re driven – you have an unstoppable drive to win. 
 You’re a professional - you understand that it’s not enough to write working code. It must also be well-designed, easy to test, and easy to add to over time. 
 You’re learning - no matter how much you know, you are always seeking to learn more and to become a better engineer 
 Experience: 
 We are seeking a mix of experienced software engineers (5-15 years experience) and recent graduates (0 to 5 years experience) 
 Familiar with computer gaming implementations and designs from both a developer and user perspective 
 Experience (or a very strong interest) in UAS/UAV/Unmanned systems, especially in the avionics domain is highly desired 
 Travel: 
 This position will likely involve travel to customer and non-customer sites principally in North America (10-20%) but global travel is also possible. 
 Other Criteria: 
 Strongly prefer domicile near the Boston/Cambridge metro area but will consider non-local domicile – relocation to Boston area part of compensation package, if necessary 
 US Citizenship required 
 Security clearance (active or previous) or the ability to be granted one desired 
 Salary Range: $60,000 - $100,000 per year 
 Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer: 
 Autonodyne provides equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. We do not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, ancestry, genetic information, national origin, gender, age, marital status, sexual orientation, veteran status, family care status, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, physical or mental disability, medical condition, or with respect to any other protected class. 
 
 U.S. Citizenship required Autonodyne 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Autonodyne in Boston, MA Software Engineer salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Autonodyne Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
