
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Researcher - New York, NY 10170 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 information By using Indeed you agree to our new  Privacy Policy ,  Cookie Policy  and  Terms , which we encourage you to review. OK Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Researcher Hitachi America, Ltd. 2,035 reviews New York, NY 10170 Remote Full-time Hitachi America, Ltd. 2,035 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Description 
 Machine Learning Researcher 
Company:  Hitachi America, Ltd. 
Division:  R&D/Industrial AI Lab 
Location:  Remote/Home office 
Status:  Regular, Full-Time 
Summary 
Hitachi America, Ltd. (http://www.hitachi-america.us/) has openings for researchers in the Industrial AI Laboratory located in Silicon Valley. The mission of this laboratory is to help create new and innovative solutions in Artificial Intelligence and advanced analytics for industrial applications. The laboratory focuses on research, technology innovation, proof-of-concept activities, technical marketing and business development for novel big data solutions, leveraging Hitachi’s technologies, reinforcing Hitachi’s messaging around data analytics, and establishing Hitachi as a leader in industrial AI. 
We are seeking researchers in Artificial Intelligence with focus on deep learning and reinforcement learning to create innovate algorithms and solutions for smart industry, social innovation and the Industrial Internet of Things. The successful candidate will have an opportunity to solve challenging real-world problems, work on massive industrial data and to contribute solutions that will benefit society. This position is a perfect match for a visionary scientist who is passionate about the unlimited potential of machine learning/AI/data mining/statistics for solving real problems and empowering society, industry and the things that matter. 
More information about the research done at the laboratory can be found at: 
http://www.hitachi-america.us/rd/ 
More information about Hitachi Industrial IoT technology can be found at: 
https://www.hitachivantara.com/en-us/products/iot.html 
Responsibilities: 
Research and develop innovative machine learning algorithms and solutions for smart industry, social innovation and the Industrial Internet of Things 
Prepare and execute proof-of-concepts of the solutions with customers 
Work with business units to commercialize the successful proof-of-concepts 
Protect Hitachi’s IP through patents and other activities, and publish technical results in leading venues to establish Hitachi as a leader in industrial AI and advanced analytics. 
Qualifications: 
Ph. D degree in Computer Science or related field is required 
Strong research experience in deep learning, reinforcement learning and other machine learning algorithms and their applications. Knowledge of time series analysis techniques is a plus 
Good programming skills and knowledge of data science tools and libraries in Python or R - Knowledge of big data platforms is a plus 
Self-motivated and passionate about solving real-world problems and building innovative systems with big data analytics 
Demonstrated ability to effectively create and deliver technical communications, including patent applications, presentations, papers, and reports 
Ability to collaborate successfully with R&D co-workers, Hitachi group company customers, partners, engineers, and business units in Hitachi with the goal of commercializing the proposed solution 
Ability to travel within the US and internationally as needed 
Equal Opportunity Employer  (EOE)-Females/Minorities/Protected  Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities 
 If you need a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job at Hitachi, please send the nature of request and contact information to  accommodation@hal.hitachi.com.  Queries other than accommodation requests will not be responded to. Hitachi Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Hitachi America in New York, NY Machine Learning Engineer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Hitachi America, Ltd. Hitachi America, Ltd. 2,035 reviews Since its founding in 1910, Hitachi has responded to the expectations of society and its customers through technology and innovation. Our... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
