
 
 
 
 Policy and Technical Writers Specialist (13759) - San Antonio, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Policy and Technical Writers Specialist (13759) Baer Group San Antonio, TX Remote **Federal Projects - Applicants Required to be United States Citizens with ability to obtain Public Trust Clearance** 
 The Baer Group is looking for Policy and Technical Writers Specialist for 4+ Months Federal Remote Project. 
 Title:  Policy and Technical Writers Specialist 
 Location:  Remote (Must be based in US) 
 Duration:  4 Months 
 Rate:  All-Inclusive 
 
 Description:
 Technical writers are responsible for editing, proofreading and providing writing support on technical and non-technical documents such as manuals, policies, procedures and specifications. 
 Support of security policy and governance design and implementation for IT and OT systems. 
 
 Requirements: 
 2 years of experience as a technical writer. 
 Prefer experience writing manuals, policies, procedures and specifications. 
 Experience on projects involving security policy and governance design and implementation for IT and OT systems. 
 Bachelors Degree 
 
 Company Overview: 
 The Baer Group is an Enterprise Technology Consulting firm based in Atlanta, GA providing job opportunities with several 1st Tier Global Systems Integrators and a wide array of Fortune 1000 clients. Consultants and Employees of TBG enjoy access to the highest profile job opportunities across leading Enterprise Technology Solutions ranging from Digital Transformation programs utilizing the latest technologies from SAP and Oracle to a wide range of emerging Cloud based infrastructure, application and AI related solutions. 
 The Baer Group prides itself on our ability to work directly with key stakeholders to create the most optimized service experience possible for our consultants and our clients. TBG’s job requirements are carefully vetted and are typically associated with mission critical programs offering tremendous opportunities to expand your skills leveraging the latest solutions available while offering highly competitive market rates. TBG focuses on representing jobs that provide streamlined response to our proposed candidates and a best in class engagement experience. Baer Group 19 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Writer jobs in San Antonio, TX Jobs at Baer Group in San Antonio, TX Technical Writer salaries in San Antonio, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Baer Group Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
