
 
 
 
 WW Lead - Data Science, AdTech and MarTech - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search WW Lead - Data Science, AdTech and MarTech Amazon Web Services, Inc. 74,776 reviews New York, NY Full-time Amazon Web Services, Inc. 74,776 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 · 5+ years of experience as a product or program manager of technical solutions 
 Industry experience AMT (Advertising Tech/Marketing Technology) 
 Technical knowledge of Data Science and cloud technologies especially trends in AI/ML, along with their relevance to AMT workflows. 
 
Are you a builder? Do you want to build our business and increase the reach of cloud computing in the Advertising and Marketing Technology (AMT) industry? Do you have the AdTech/MarTech industry background, commercial aptitude, technical understanding, passion and communication skills needed to help further establish Amazon as the AdTech/MarTech Data Science leader?
 
AWS is looking for a Business Development leader who understands how the application of Data Science (including AI/ML, data lakes, analytics) across the advertising and customer360 life cycles to help customers drive transformations in consumer understanding and engagement, identity and identity resolution, audience expansion, cohort-based attribution, and workforce productivity gains. This AMT Data Science BD leader is passionate and capable of driving market development across the sector globally for AWS, leveraging the richness of the AWS cloud computing platform to position and drive the right technology solutions, enable the partner ecosystem, and address changing industry needs.
 
Your responsibilities will include working with our broad base of AMT customers (Programmatic AdTech, MarTech stacks, Measurement Specialists, CDPs, and Agencies) help engaging industry partners, attending and speaking at industry events, leading the process to enable Data Science implementations, developing & messaging our AWS AMT Data Science value proposition to our AdTech/MarTech customers, and support the creation of significant new business opportunities for AWS. You will enable the AWS sales teams selling to industry accounts to drive their day-to-day interactions with key prospects. You will work closely with AWS Worldwide BDs, Tech Specialists, Partner, Consultants and Marketing teams to identify and promote cloud-based Data Science solutions for the AMT industry. You will work closely with the AWS Product & Services teams as well as Partner teams to help evolve Data Science offerings running on AWS for more rapid adoption by customers.
 
The ideal candidate will have working experience with data science, machine learning, analytics, engineering teams across AMT customers, with demonstrated experience interacting at the CxO/VP level with workflows that will benefit from Data Science. These include personalization/recommendation solutions, audience expansion, attribution, metadata extraction and application of natural language augmentation, Data Science productivity (data lakes, analytics, ML) and cloud technologies. He/she should have a demonstrated ability to think strategically and analytically about business, product, and technical challenges, with the ability to build and convey compelling value propositions, and work cross-organizationally to build consensus. A keen sense of ownership, drive, and scrappiness is a must.
 
 Roles & Responsibilities: 
 
 Serve as a key member of the Business Development team to drive broader market awareness and opportunities across all potential AMT industry customers worldwide. 
 Develop a market scale-out plan and ensure it's in line with customer needs and AWS strategic direction, in partnership with key internal stakeholders 
 Define and size segments, analyze customer adoption lifecycle, identify and engage new customers and identify and engage key partners including ISVs and system integrators. 
 Develop collateral for customer messaging and internal stakeholder training. 
 Build, track and grow business development pipeline by engaging with key prospects and partners. 
 Understand the technical requirements of our customers, identify their cloud adoption challenges that can benefit from Data Science and work closely with the internal development teams to guide the direction of our product offerings. 
 Understand the use of salesforce.com and other internal Amazon systems. 
 Present business reviews to the senior management team regarding progress and roadblocks to expanding our reach across AMT customers. 
 Handle a high volume of engagements and interactions in the fast pace of the cloud computing market. 
 Strong leadership skills are key, with proven verbal and written communications skills with demonstrated ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations. 
 Experience working with cloud-based Data Science solutions across AdTech/MarTech use cases. 
 Experience driving 1:many sales motions to Data Science Line of Business customers. 
 Education - an MBA is desired; technical background with Computer Science, and/or Engineering/Math background is highly desired; working knowledge of software development practices and data center / infrastructure / networking technologies highly desired. 
 Business or technical leadership experience within a AdTech, MarTech, or Agency organization. 
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 
This position must be located at one of our U.S. AWS Corp. offices with a preference for New York.
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 
Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Amazon.com 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Amazon Web Services in New York, NY Data Scientist salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 74,776 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
