
 
 
 
 Quantitative Developer - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Quantitative Developer JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,626 reviews Boston, MA Full-time JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,626 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Working at 55ip means standing at the intersection of finance and technology-and at the cutting-edge of wealth management. We've been making rapid progress on our mission: to break down barriers to financial progress for financial advisors and their clients. Our Boston- and Mumbai-based team has built and brought to market a tax-smart investment strategy engine delivering an intuitive experience and intelligent automation. Driven by strategic partnerships with world-class asset management firms, such as BlackRock and J.P. Morgan, we've experienced breakthrough growth over the last year. Today, over 110 financial advisor firms with $28 billion in assets (and counting) are using 55ip.
 If we look a little different, it's because we are. We're entrepreneurs, product pros, investment scientists, and customer advocates who aim to deliver an exceptional experience-and have fun doing it. Like lots of companies, we've got a deep bench of smart, talented, creative people, but our superpower is something else: hustle. That extra push when others would quit, that new approach nobody else has tried, that ability to be thrive at 30,000 feet or dig into the details-and to do it all with humility, empathy, and respect. As we enter an exciting new chapter as a separately-branded subsidiary of J.P. Morgan, we're looking for top talent-with hustle-to join us on our path to becoming an industry standard.
 Quant Developer
 55ip's Head of Quantitative Research & Development is looking for a quantitative developer, implement, test, and maintain the core algorithms of its technology-enabled investment platform for large investment advisory (RIA) & wealth management firms. Along with taking part in building it out the research back testing and simulation platform. The ideal candidate has a background in statistical modules using software design constructs and tools. The candidate will be motivated, a problem solver, a team player, and an effective quantitative developer, looking to make a significant impact.
 Responsibilities 
 
 The end-to-end development and maintenance of investment algorithms
 Take part in building out the R&D back testing and simulation frameworks
 Work closely with quantitative researchers and developers
 Thoroughly vet investment algorithmic results
 Contribute to the research data platform design and evolution
 Investigate datasets for use in new or existing algorithms
 Participate in agile development practices
 Liaise with stakeholders to gather & understand the functional requirements
 Take part in code reviews ensuring quality meets highest level of standards
 Develop software using high quality standards and best practices, conduct thorough end-to-end unit testing, and provide support during testing and post go-live
 Support research innovation through the creative and aggressive experimentation of cutting-edge hardware, software, processes, procedures, and methods
 Collaborate with technology teams to ensure appropriate requirements, standards, and integration
 Evaluate and leverage emerging computational technologies
 
 Requirements
 
 Proficient in software development using Python and Git
 Proficient in Python modules such as Pandas, NumPy, SciPy, SciKit-Learn, etc.
 Knowledge in SQL and database development (PostgreSQL is a plus)
 A BS in computer science with significant coursework in statistical and ML/AI techniques
 A strong mathematical foundation
 Hands-on experience working in the finance industry is a big plus
 Strong communication (written and oral) and analytical problem-solving skills
 Strong sense of attention to detail, pride in delivering high quality work and willingness to learn
 An understanding of or exposure to financial capital markets, various financial instruments (such as stocks, ETFs, Mutual Funds, etc.), and financial tools (such as Bloomberg, Reuters, etc.)
 Agility: Able to shift gears and react quickly to timely requests
 Hustle: Self-motivated, proactive, responsive-ability to think strategically but also willing to dig into the details and tactics
 Compensation  : We offer a competitive base salary, benefits, and incentive plans.
 About 55ip
 55ip is a financial technology company whose purpose is to break down barriers to financial progress. Wealth management enterprises and financial advisors use 55ip's tax-smart investment strategy engine to dramatically improve their efficiency and effectiveness. 55ip's intuitive experience and intelligent automation elevate portfolio design and delivery, helping advisors save time and drive better outcomes for their clients. At the heart of the experience is 55ip's ActiveTax® Technology, which includes tax-smart transitions, management, and withdrawals. 55ip is becoming the industry standard by connecting to platforms where advisors manage their client accounts, enhancing workflow and reducing the need to move the assets. More information is available at https://55-ip.com/ 
JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. 
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans JPMorgan Chase 6 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Quantitative Model Developer jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at JPMorgan Chase Bank in Boston, MA Quantitative Model Developer salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,626 reviews One of the most respected companies in the world, Chase offers experienced professionals like you an array of opportunities to take your ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
