
 
 
 
 Global Cybersecurity Institute (GCI) Fellow - Rochester, NY 14623 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Global Cybersecurity Institute (GCI) Fellow Rochester Institute of Technology 409 reviews Rochester, NY 14623 Full-time Rochester Institute of Technology 409 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Global Cybersecurity Institute (GCI) Fellow 
6035BR 
Golisano College of Computing & Info Sciences
 
GCCIS - Global Cybersecurity Institute
 
 
 Detailed Job Description 
The Global Cybersecurity Institute (GCI) at RIT invites applications for a full-time GCI Fellow position. The GCI Fellow is a 2-year post-doctoral research position, starting in January 2022, to conduct collaborative research with GCI faculty across academic departments while closely mentored by a primary faculty advisor. The GCI fellow is expected to publish peer-reviewed papers, co-advise PhD students, and assist or lead in preparing research funding proposals to secure funding in collaboration with the faculty mentor and other GCI faculty. Teaching opportunities may be discussed as appropriate. We strive to provide the GCI Fellow with autonomy to conduct research while offering a comprehensive mentorship for academic and professional growth. 
 
We invite applications from candidates with strong research outputs in the broad areas of cybersecurity and privacy, including but not limited to: usable security, cryptography, software security, network and system security, cybersecurity analytics, and the intersection of cybersecurity and artificial intelligence. The successful candidate should have a PhD. degree in areas closely related to cybersecurity before starting at RIT. The candidate will be housed in a home department with the primary faculty advisor, and will be expected to collaborate across the academic departments affiliated with GCI to advance research and education in cybersecurity broadly for the growth of GCI. 
 
 Department/College Description 
Building on our strong existing cybersecurity academic, research and industrial programs, RIT is making another major investment in cybersecurity. Leveraging a recent gift of $20 million by alumnus Austin McChord and a $5 million investment by New York State we just opened a new 50,000-sq. ft. building dedicated to the new Global Cybersecurity Institute (GCI), helping to further establish RIT as a leader in this field. Beyond our state-of-the-art new cybersecurity facility with unique capabilities like our commercial grade Cyber Range and our wireless and IoT testing labs these gifts support the hiring of faculty, graduate students and post doctorate positions. Currently, we have 27 faculty members from across RIT working to address the growing challenges in cybersecurity with an interdisciplinary approach and are actively recruiting for several more. Please visit https://www.rit.edu/cybersecurity/ for more information about GCI and cybersecurity at RIT. 
 
 
 Required Minimum Qualifications 
PhD. research in cybersecurity in with a degree in disciplines including but not limited to computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering, computing security, software engineering, public policy, cognitive psychology, international relations and criminal justice. 
 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 
 Professional Area: 
 
 Employment Category:  Fulltime
 
 Staff Job Function:   Wage Band: 
 
 
 Required Application Documents 
 
 How to Apply 
In order to be considered for this position, you must apply for it at: http://careers.rit.edu/staff. Click the link for search openings and in the keyword search field; enter the title of the position or the BR number. 
Please submit your online application and upload the following: 
Curriculum Vitae 
Cover Letter, including but not limited to the following 
Summary of research expertise, experiences, and accomplishments 
Goals and plan of research as a GCI Fellow in collaboration with RIT faculty 
A list of RIT faculty who have explicitly expressed interests to be a mentor or a collaborator 
A list of three references 
The direct link to this posting can be found here: https://sjobs.brassring.com/ 
 
 Additional Details 
 
 Rochester Institute of Technology, the 10th largest private university in the U.S., is among the worlds leading technological universities. Its 18,000 undergraduate and graduate students from all 50 states and more than 100 countries are enrolled in over 200 academic programs, including 7 interdisciplinary Ph.D. programs. A pioneer in experiential education, RIT was the first to offer undergraduate degree programs in biotechnology, information technology, software engineering, and microelectronic engineering. As home to the National Technical Institute for the Deaf, the university offers unparalleled academic opportunities and services for the deaf and hard-of-hearing. Founded in 1829, RIT has 115,000 alumni throughout the United States and around the world. RIT has been named by the Chronicle of Higher Education as one of the Great Colleges to Work For. RIT is a National Science Foundation ADVANCE Institutional Transformation site, and is responsive to the needs of dual-career couples through the Upstate NY Higher Education Recruitment Consortium. For more information, visit  www.rit.edu/overview/rankings-and-recognition  and  www.rit.edu . 
 
 As a member of the RIT community employees receive a well-balanced benefits package that offers a variety of choices and access to additional employment advantages. These benefits, combined with an employees pay, provide a total compensation package that can be tailored to meet your needs. More on RITs Benefits, Health & Wellness program can be found at:  https://www.rit.edu/fa/humanresources/content/benefits-health-and-wellness 
 
RIT does not discriminate. RIT is an equal opportunity employer that promotes and values diversity, pluralism, and inclusion. For more information or inquiries, please visit RIT/TitleIX or the U.S. Department of Education at ED.Gov 
 
jeid-efcf7ba650156f4c90903ef6978d46af Rochester Institute of Technology 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Fellow jobs in Rochester, NY Jobs at Rochester Institute of Technology in Rochester, NY Fellow salaries in Rochester, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rochester Institute of Technology Rochester Institute of Technology 409 reviews Rochester Institute of Technology (RIT) is a private university located within the town of Henrietta in the Rochester, New York metropoli... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
