
 
 
 
 Business Intelligence (Cognos / MicroStrategy) Administrator - Tampa, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Intelligence (Cognos / MicroStrategy) Administrator Citi 18,278 reviews Tampa, FL Full-time Citi 18,278 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Business Intelligence Tools (Cognos, MicroStrategy and QlikView/QlikSense) Administrator – Vice President 
Description: 
The CTI Enterprise Analytics Services organization is actively recruiting for Business Intelligence Tools ( Cognos, MicroStrategy, QlikView and QlikSense) Administrator, with a solid understanding and extensive hands-on experience in Business Intelligence products administration, Linux, Shell Scripting and system administration. The candidate must have experience with complex applications, architectures, and technologies that integrate with the complex data ecosystems. The individual will contribute to the Operations, architecture, engineering, and deliver the best in class services as part of the Business Intelligence offerings for Citi. 
Responsibilities: 
Cognos, MicroStrategy, QlikView and QlikSense Administrator will be responsible for administering, supporting, governing and maintaining multiple Cognos, MicroStrategy, QlikView and QlikSense environments in Business Intelligence Tools team. 
Must have a thorough understanding of Cognos, MicroStrategy, QliView and QlikSense architecture and the entire product suite, administration policies, techniques and methodologies. 
Install, configure, and manage Cognos software to utilize the AI and machine learning toolset provided for reporting, collecting analytics, and forecasting industry trends. 
Define Cognos systems architecture for a business and executing platform patching and upgrades to ensure compliance with security standards for each client. 
Provide Cognos technical assistance to application and business teams to solve complex problems, maintain system infrastructure requirements, enhance and configure system integrations, and ensure on-time delivery of solutions. 
Install, upgrade and configure MicroStrategy platform in Linux environments. 
Configure database instance, user setup, and security and governance settings in MicroStrategy. 
Continuously improve the platform through tuning, optimization, governance, automation, and troubleshooting of MicroStrategy Environments. 
Provide MicroStrategy support for the platform, report execution and implementation, user community, and data investigations. 
Responsible for the Qlik infrastructure, up-gradation, and migration of QlikView / Qlik Sense applications. 
Troubleshoot QlikView and QlikSense issues regarding access, data visualizations, display issues, streams, and performance. 
Help users on how to use the Qlik Sense tool for reporting and data visualization to include communicating best practices. 
This is a multitasking role and the individual is expected to support multiple Application teams as well as a large and diverse Business user community. 
Automate product installation and configuration for rapid deployments. 
Collaborate with cross-functional engineering teams to build a portfolio of capabilities for recommendation and use in analytical product development across Citi lines of businesses. 
As subject matter experts in Business Intelligence, provide L3/L4 support and guidance to respective applications. 
Publish best practices, configuration recommendations, design patterns, deployment and security architecture to internal customers. 
Create complex project plans, perform impact analyses solve/work high impact problems/projects, and provide resolutions to restore services 
Drive Root Cause Analysis (RCA) post restoration of service 
Design testing approaches, complex processes, reporting streams, and create automation of repetitive tasks 
Provide technical/strategic direction and act as advisor/coach to lower level analysts 
Develop projects required for design of metrics, analytical tools, benchmarking activities and best practices 
Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency. 
Qualifications: 
10+ years IT experience in the areas of Business Intelligence Tools Development and Administration 
8+ years of Cognos, MicroStrategy, QlikView and QlikSense administration, including installation, configuration, monitoring and upgrades in large-scale enterprise environments on Linux platforms 
Tableau and ThoughtSpot Administration experience is an added advantage. 
3+ years of Linux, Shell scripting experience. 
Experience in designing and implementing disaster recovery strategy and mechanisms for Business Intelligence Tech Stacks. 
In-depth understanding of IT infrastructure such as servers and storage systems, operating systems, virtualization platforms, and disaster recovery tools 
Good interpersonal skills with excellent communication skills - written and spoken English. 
Able to interact with client projects in cross-functional teams. 
Good team player interested in sharing knowledge and cross-training other team members and shows interest in learning new technologies and products. 
Ability to create documents of high quality. Ability to work in a matrixed environment and follow procedures, processes and policies. 
Should be flexible, hardworking, self-motivated and have a positive outlook with the ability to take on difficult initiatives and challenges 
Ability to prioritize, organize, make decisions and solve problems while working under pressure 
Self-starter who works with minimal supervision. Ability to work in a team of diverse skills and geographies. 
Primary Location : NAM-USA-Tampa, FL 
Job Category : Technology 
Schedule : Full-time 
Education Level : Bachelor's Degree 
Shift : Day Job 
Employee Status : Regular 
Travel : Yes, 10 % of the Time 
Office Location / Address : Tampa, FL 
- 
Job Family Group:
 Technology 
- 
Job Family: 
Infrastructure 
- 
Time Type: 
Full time 
- 
Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. 
Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran. 
Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity review  Accessibility at Citi . 
View the " EEO is the Law " poster. View the  EEO is the Law Supplement . 
View the  EEO Policy Statement . 
View the  Pay Transparency Posting Citi 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Administrator jobs in Tampa, FL Jobs at Citi in Tampa, FL Business Administrator salaries in Tampa, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Citi Citi 18,278 reviews Citi is today's pre-eminent financial services company and was built to create a highly diversified financial services company that could... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
