
 
 
 
 Front End Engineer - Pasadena, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Front End Engineer Deep 6 AI Pasadena, CA Remote Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Deep 6 AI is transforming and accelerating clinical trials, to help get life-saving treatments to patients faster and accelerate innovation in healthcare. To that end we build a cutting-edge software suite which connects all clinical research stakeholders, from research teams, to treating physicians, patients and study sponsors on a real-time, real-world data SaaS platform, powered by AI. 
We are seeking a Full Stack Engineer to join our team.
 What You'll Do: 
Work with a variety of cutting-edge programming languages and environments. You're not expected to know everything we use so long as you’re open to learning them! 
Build user-facing features and applications, that integrate deeply with our data platform. 
Participate in peer review both as a reviewer and a receiver of constructive feedback. 
Hold our engineering team to a high standard of authorship. We strive to write idiomatic code and follow best practices whenever possible. 
 About You: 
3+ years of experience developing web-based applications in a team context. 
Experience with one or more web component frameworks such as ReactJS, Angular, or Vue. 
Comfortable with the NodeJS ecosystem and associated tooling such as NPM, Yarn, Webpack, and Babel. 
Experience with developing RESTful API's in a backend framework like ExpressJS or Spring Boot is a strong plus. 
Experience with a strongly typed language such as TypeScript or Java is a strong plus. 
Experience with Object Oriented Programming is a plus 
 At Deep 6 AI, you will be part of a fast-growing company with a world class, disruptive product. You will be joining a team of smart, fun, driven people, in a position with a lot of opportunity to learn and grow. 
The above statements describe the general nature and level of work being performed in this job function. They're not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, and indeed additional responsibilities may be assigned by Deep 6. 
At Deep 6, we appreciate the opportunity to benefit from the diverse backgrounds and experiences of others. Because of our deep commitment to respect every individual, Deep 6 is an equal opportunity employer. Deep 6 AI Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Front End Developer jobs in Pasadena, CA Jobs at Deep AI in Pasadena, CA Front End Developer salaries in Pasadena, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Deep 6 AI Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
