
 
 
 
 Senior-Data Scientist - Plano, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Senior-Data Scientist AT&T Plano, TX Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At AT&T, we’re connecting the world through the latest tech, top-of-the-line communications and the best in entertainment. Innovation powers all that we do, and our groundbreaking solutions deliver compelling communication and entertainment experiences to millions of customers worldwide. As part of our team, your next big idea could be our newest innovation. Here’s your opportunity to combine your passions for entertainment, media and technology to transform our company and your career.
 The Data Scientist will use their talent breaking down business challenges into data-driven problems that guide improvements in sales process optimization, natural language processing, and automation opportunity identifications. They will utilize the latest artificial intelligence and statistical algorithms to create predictive models by detecting and exploiting patterns in massive datasets. They will also create data visualizations and give presentations that will help key stakeholders in their decision-making process.
 Key Roles and Responsibilities 
Work closely with functional leads from other organizations to formulate hypothetical insights and work through the lifecycle of delivering these insights to production. Implement descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive capabilities aligned with Business KPIs. Manage the implementation of statistical data quality procedures on new data sources by applying rigorous iterative data analysis. Design and build large and complex data sets, from spurious sources while thinking strategically about uses of data and how data use interacts with data design. Design, build & deploy statistical predictive models. Visualize and report data findings creatively in a variety of visual formats that appropriately provides insights to the organization. Perform data studies and data discovery around new data sources or new uses for existing data sources. Perform statistical analyses with existing data sets in statistical packages. Visualize and report data findings creatively in a variety of formats that appropriately provides insights to the organization. 
 
 Qualifications 
Preferred Masters of Science in Computer Science, Math or Scientific Computing or equivalent experience.
 Typically requires 8-10 years’ experience or PhD or Masters in an approved field with a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience. AT&T 7 days ago original job Report job Senior Data Scientist jobs in Plano, TX Jobs at AT&T in Plano, TX Senior Data Scientist salaries in Plano, TX Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
