
 
 
 
 Sr Manager GSI Solution Architects - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr Manager GSI Solution Architects Amazon Web Services, Inc. 74,776 reviews Austin, TX Full-time Amazon Web Services, Inc. 74,776 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 12+ years design/implementation/consulting experience of distributed applications 
 10+ years experience working with Global Systems Integrators 
 7+ years management of technical, customer facing resources 
 3+ years of demonstrated market influence (blogs, media, etc) 
 Working knowledge of software development tools and methodologies 
 Modern cloud platform skills 
 
Computer Science /relevant degree and/or experience highly desired
 
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is looking for a seasoned tech executive to lead our Global Systems Integrator (GSI) Solution Architecture teams within AWS. In this role your voice will help shape AWS' presence across the GSI market as you represent AWS to our GSI customers, CxO's and at major GSI events.
 
You will also lead, coach, and shape a team of high performing AWS Solution Architects who are at the forefront of transforming some of the most complex enterprise solutions and customers worldwide. You will set the standard for the GSI market by, leading the development of the GSI industry’s cloud-based platforms, solutions, and reference architectures. In collaboration with sales, you will use this market influence to drive revenue growth.
 
In this role, you will need to be technically capable and credible in your own right as well as effective in shaping the customer and solutions-focused skills of your team. You must enjoy learning and introducing new technology in order to help colleagues and customers embrace and adopt new technology. Furthermore, thought leadership in terms of looking beyond the technology and considering the value technology creates for our customers, and helping to change how technology is viewed are important aspects of the role. You will help team members ramp-up on AWS as well as develop speaking, writing, presentation, and executive interaction skills. You will also need to be adept at interacting, communicating and partnering with other functions within AWS such as our services teams, marketing, and professional services, as well as representing your team to executive leadership. This is a leader of leaders' role.
 
 Here are some other qualities we are looking for: 
Be great fun to work with. At AWS, we have a credo of “Work hard. Have fun. Make history”. In this role, you will love what you do, and instinctively know how to make work fun. You will be dynamic and creative, and willing to take on any challenge and make a big impact.
 
The key competences/skills that are required to succeed are below.
 
 The Leader will: 
·
 
 Know extremely well AWS or other public cloud offerings, 
 
·
 
 Be well connected to the Service Team(s) and help shape and drive our products to ensure they solve our customers challenges, 
 
·
 
 Have the ability to understand the pain points of the GSI Industry and demonstrate above bar customer & sales interaction 
 
·
 
 Be a team leader (not manager) & player with the ability to attract the right talent 
 
·
 
 Have deep GSI experience 
 
·
 
 Be a Business Builder with the ability to package & combine the AWS Techno bricks with ISV bricks to deliver the right reference architectures and business value packages to market 
 
·
 
 Have strong thought leadership and innovation skills 
 
·
 
 Interface with customers at the executive CxO level 
 
·
 
 Represent AWS in major GSI events 
 
Work/Life Balance
 
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 
Mentorship & Career Growth
 
Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.
 
Inclusive and Diverse Culture
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have twelve employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 16 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
 
 Experience working within software development or Internet-related industries 
 History of successful technical consulting and/or architecture engagements with GSI customers or enterprises 
 Experience migrating or transforming legacy customer solutions to the cloud 
 AI/ML for Customer journey and profiling 
 High level of comfort communicating effectively across internal and external organizations 
 Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort speaking with executives, IT Management, and developers. 
 AWS Solution Architecture certifications or relevant cloud expertise 
 Platform builder for partnership and eco-system management 
 Deep cloud industry knowledge 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.
 
For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us . Amazon.com 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Solution Architect jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Amazon Web Services in Austin, TX Senior Solution Architect salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 74,776 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
