
 
 
 
 Software Engineer lll, Computer Vision and Machine Learning - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer lll, Computer Vision and Machine Learning Google 3,932 reviews Atlanta, GA Full-time Google 3,932 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience. 
 2 years of experience with software development in one or more programming languages, or 1 year of experience with an advanced degree.
 2 years of experience with data structures or algorithms in either an academic or industry setting. 
 Experience with applying machine learning algorithms in imaging domains. 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Master's degree or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field. 
 2 years of experience with machine learning algorithms and tools (e.g., TensorFlow), artificial intelligence, deep learning and/or natural language processing. 
 Experience developing accessible technologies. 
 Experience with one or more of the following: deep learning, video analysis, video processing, content creation, multimedia.
 Programming experience in C, C++, and/or Python. 
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 
As an organization, Google maintains a portfolio of research projects driven by fundamental research, new product innovation, product contribution, and infrastructure goals, while providing individuals and teams the freedom to emphasize specific types of work. 
 As a Software Engineer in a Research team, you'll develop systems and infrastructure to set up and deploy promising ideas quickly and broadly. 
 The team is growing in the area of video analysis, creation, and synthesis. Building on state of the art research in computer vision, machine learning, artificial intelligence, Human-Computer Interaction, and computer graphics, we seek to develop the next generation of tools and systems that leverage content understanding. We are interested in exploring concepts from deep learning, time-series and multimodal analysis, language models, and interactivity to support the medium of video. 
Research happens at Google everyday, on many different embedded teams throughout the company. Our research reaches the user through both services and products such as Search, Maps, Google Assistant, Google Translate, Google Cloud and our computing, storage, and networking infrastructure. To achieve this, we’re working on a wide variety of projects that utilize the latest state-of-the-art technologies that push the boundaries of what is possible. 
Responsibilities 
 Develop new representations for video analysis applied to processing and creating videos. 
 Explore artificial intelligence methods to support content creation and understanding. 
 Develop scalable machine learning and computer vision algorithms, leveraging deep learning. 
 Publish state of the art research. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form. Google 15 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Computer Vision Engineer jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Google in Atlanta, GA Computer Vision Engineer salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,932 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
