
 
 
 
 Account Executive - Illinois - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Account Executive The RealReal 194 reviews Illinois Remote From $4,800 a month  -   Full-time The RealReal 194 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary From $4,800 a month Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Luxury Manager (LM) is a key sales position at The RealReal. As a LM, you will drive new business by acquiring consigned items from our new clients. You have an entrepreneurial spirit and can adapt to shifting priorities to achieve and exceed sales goals. You're customer-obsessed, adaptable, and passionate about luxury brands, fashion, and sustainability. Above all, you embody the TRR culture through collaboration, driving results, and building for the future.
 Compensation | Benefits | Perks 
 
 Base Pay PLUS uncapped commission 
 $2000/month (at target) - top performers at $4800+/month 
 Annual Elite Club Trip for top performers 
 $25,000 in RSUs (stock) awarded 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (purchase stock @ discounted rates) 
 Monthly sales competitions (i.e. cash | prizes | site credit | stock) 
 401K (with company matching up to $1000) 
 Medical, Dental & Vision 
 
 What You Get To Do Every Day 
 
 Outreach daily to new and existing clients (70-100 per day) 
 Attend client appointments (typically less than 60miles one way - mileage reimbursed) 
 Drive acquisition of consigned goods from new consignors 
 Follow up on leads generated by marketing team 
 Provide an outstanding customer experience 
 Leverage strong consignor relationships to gain referrals for new consignors 
 Review contract with client during virtual or at-home appointments 
 Set pricing expectations through deep knowledge of luxury 
 
 What You Bring To The Role 
 
 2+ years of work experience in sales, ecommerce, or tech 
 Motivated by a desire to win and excel, competitive 
 Thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced work environment 
 Ability to build rapport, establish trust, provide empathy and build credibility with clients quickly 
 Efficiency and strong organizational, time management and communication skills 
 Ability to use technological tools with ease G-Suite, Email, SalesForce, CRM 
 Ability to commit to 40 hours per week 
 Able to work evenings, weekends, and holidays as needed 
 Professional appearance and demeanor 
 Ability to lift and move up to 25 lbs 
 Reliable transportation for travel to client appointments 
 
 The RealReal is the world's largest online marketplace for authenticated, resale luxury goods, with more than 20 million members. With a rigorous authentication process overseen by experts, The RealReal provides a safe and reliable platform for consumers to buy and sell their luxury items. We have hundreds of in-house gemologists, horologists and brand authenticators who inspect thousands of items each day. As a sustainable company, we give new life to pieces by thousands of brands across numerous categories—including women's and men's fashion, fine jewelry and watches, art and home—in support of the circular economy. We make selling effortless with free virtual appointments, in-home pickup, drop-off and direct shipping. We do all of the work for consignors, including authenticating, using AI and machine learning to determine optimal pricing, photographing and listing their items, as well as handling shipping and customer service. At our 13 retail locations, including our eight shoppable stores, customers can sell, meet with our experts and receive free valuations. 
 
The RealReal is committed to providing an equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or expression, or Veteran status. We will consider qualified applicants for a position regardless of arrest or conviction records, consistent with legal requirements. 
 
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The employee is regularly required to sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl; and taste or smell. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision. The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. GHR3672 
 
#LI-SM38 The RealReal 14 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Account Executive jobs in Illinois Jobs at The RealReal in Illinois Account Executive salaries in Illinois Company Info Follow Get job updates from The RealReal The RealReal 194 reviews ABOUT THE REALREAL  
The RealReal is the world’s largest online marketplace for authenticated, consigned luxury goods. With 100+ experts... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
