
 
 
 
 Student Program Coord,Sr - Las Cruces, NM - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Student Program Coord,Sr New Mexico State University 550 reviews Las Cruces, NM $37,271 a year New Mexico State University 550 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $37,271 a year Full Job Description New Mexico State University is a comprehensive land-grant institution of higher learning accredited by the Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Universities. An active research university, NMSU anchors the southern end of New Mexico’s Rio Grande Research Corridor, exceeding $140 million in research and public service expenditures. NMSU is classified as a Hispanic-serving institution by the federal government with a total minority enrollment over 48%. Home to the state’s NASA Space Grant Program, NMSU is located in Las Cruces, which features desert mesas, the farmlands of the Rio Grande Valley, and the Organ Mountains, an extension of the Rocky Mountain chain. The University is committed to building a cultural diverse educational environment. 
Job Duties and Responsibilities
  | Serves as a Veterans Administration (VA) School Certifying Official (SCO) that handles processing of Montgomery GI Bill education benefits for student veterans attending NMSU. Oversee student mentorship program components to meet goals and objectives of the program. Program management in supervising, budgeting, evaluation and reporting. Liaison with university departments, military installations staff, veteran and community agencies. Review and monitor student veteran and service member participant academic progress. Manages databases, submit annual performance reports and fiscal reports. Recruits, hires, trains, and manages program peer mentoring staff. Maintain accurate and organized records of departmental programming. Works with University Accounts Receivable, Student Records Office and Financial Aid departments to assist veteran students with their VA benefit payments. Serves as a VA benefit compliance liaison for the New Mexico Department of Veteran Services and the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. Supervise, direct, delegate, and evaluate work of VA Work-Study staff. Approves VA tutoring applications for veteran students and dependents. Answers and advises student veterans on VA chapter educational regulations and guidelines. Advise applicants about their program of study, eligible courses, funding options, grades and eligibility related to Veteran Affairs education benefits. Verify enrollment status, review internal and external transcripts from other post-secondary institutions for previous certification of courses. Coordinator purchases all supplies and materials for office and events. Organizing and manage all student veteran events within department. Advise admitted military students and prospective military students on status eligibility on DoD Tuition Assistance and State Tuition Assistance programs. Request degree maps from academic programs for submission to military portals as well as prepare selected degree maps for submission. Maintains Go Army Ed, Air Force AI and Navy/Coast Guard education portals. Provide comprehensive professional development for faculty and staff on issues and challenges unique to military and veteran students. 
Classification Summary
 Under limited supervision, develops, implements, and oversees a range of integrated special programs and initiatives designed to assist in the recruitment and retention of graduate and/or undergraduate students within an underrepresented target population or college. Responsible for the internal and external promotion and representation of program activities. Coordinates and provides support services to student participants as appropriate to program activities. 
Classification Standard Duties
 Plans, develops, and coordinates student support programs, special projects, and other initiatives geared to the recruitment and retention of students within the targeted student population or college. Oversees and administers all facets of the day-to-day operations of the various programs and activities related to the position. Serves as primary liaison with internal and external contacts on all matters relating to the program(s) activities; represents the program(s) on a local, regional, and/or national basis. Provides and/or coordinates financial aid scholarship disbursement, academic advisement, career advisement, and/or related support to students participating in the programs; acts as student advocate, and provides day-to-day problem solving as necessary. Oversees and/or coordinates the collection and analysis of program activity data; develops, writes, edits, and presents statistical and narrative program reports and evaluations. May plans, develops, and implements strategies for identifying and generating funding and/or resource opportunities for program activities, to include development of grant and other fundraising proposals. Participates in the development of goals and objectives; recommends, implements, and administers methods and procedures to enhance operations, as appropriate to the unit. Supervises personnel which typically includes recommendations for hiring, firing, performance evaluation, training, work allocation, and problem resolution. Performs miscellaneous job-related duties as assigned. 
Knowledge
 Knowledge of student recruitment and retention issues. Knowledge of a range of recruitment strategies and techniques. Knowledge of targeted recruitment principles, procedures, and resources. Knowledge of student outreach services and activities. 
Skills
 Data management and records maintenance skills. Performance management skills. 
Abilities
 Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing. Ability to develop and implement recruitment plans. Ability to analyze and solve problems. Ability to plan community outreach projects. Ability to analyze course prerequisites, certification, and/or curriculum/graduation requirements. Ability to coordinate and organize meetings and/or special events. Ability to design and develop recruitment plans. Knowledge of community outreach practices. 
Required Education
 Bachelor’s degree in a related field. 
Required Experience
 Three (3) years of experience related to the standard duties as outlined. 
Equivalency None Preferred Qualifications
 Master’s Degree, U.S. Military Veteran 
Required Certification/License
 None 
Special Requirements Other Departmental Requirements Standard Work Schedule Standard (M-F, 8-5) If not a Standard Work Schedule, please describe Physical Work Location State NM-New Mexico Physical Work Location County, if in New Mexico DA-Dona Ana Work Site Contingent Upon Funding Not Applicable Bargaining Unit Eligible Posting Announcement Statement This is NOT a bargaining unit position with American Federation of State, County & Municipal Employees (AFSCME). Tenure Track No Posting Date 09/15/2021 Closing Date 10/08/2021 Anticipated Job Begin Date (optional) Anticipated Job End Date, if applicable (optional) Open Until Filled No Special Instructions to Applicants
 The electronic application is the  official  document that will be used to qualify applicants. Paper/email documents will not be accepted. Required documents must be attached to this application. 
Quicklink for Posting https://jobs.nmsu.edu/postings/42871
 Environment   Work is normally performed in a typical interior/office work environment. 
 
 Physical Effort   No or very limited physical effort required. 
 
 Lifting Requirements   Requires handling of average-weight objects up to 10 pounds or some standing or walking. 
 
 Risk   No or very limited exposure to physical risk. New Mexico State University Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Student Coordinator jobs in Las Cruces, NM Jobs at New Mexico State University in Las Cruces, NM Student Coordinator salaries in Las Cruces, NM Company Info Follow Get job updates from New Mexico State University New Mexico State University 550 reviews New Mexico State University (commonly referred to as NMSU-Las Cruces, NMSU, New Mexico State, or NM State), is a major public, land-grant... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
