
 
 
 
 Instructor, Any Rank (Posting) - Evanston, IL 60208 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Instructor, Any Rank (Posting) Northwestern University 518 reviews Evanston, IL 60208 Non-tenure Northwestern University 518 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Non-tenure Full Job Description Northwestern University is pursuing an ambitious commitment to grow and transform Computer Science (CS) [http://www.northwestern.edu/newscenter/stories/2016/06/major-expansion-in-computer-science.html]. As part of transforming and scaling computer science education, we seek outstanding candidates for non-tenure track teaching faculty, with a clear passion to make a difference in Computer Science and who are excited by the opportunity to help build the future of CS at a great university. 
As the demand for CS education has grown well beyond the boundaries of traditional CS majors, Northwestern CS has continued to invest in new courses, non-major pathways, and new joint degrees to broaden the reach and quality of computing education. The just-launched MBAi joint program with the Kellogg School of Management joins the MMM program, joint Ph.D. programs with the School of Communications and the School of Education and Social Policy in a growing portfolio of programs innovating at the intersections. The growth of the entire Computer Science education portfolio has been remarkable and we seek motivated, highly-qualified teaching-track faculty to help us continue our successful expansion. 
We are focused on adding excellent teaching faculty with a special focus on the following areas: Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Data Science, Software Engineering and Human-Computer Interaction, though excellent candidates from all areas are encouraged to apply. The successful applicant will be an extraordinary teacher and mentor, combining strong and deep knowledge of Computer Science with a passion to convey that knowledge to a broad variety of Northwestern students. They will go well beyond delivering entry level service courses to create a learning environment that motivates students to enroll, to work, to learn, and to find new applications of Computer Science that shape their careers and the world beyond. This is a multi-year, renewable position. 
To be eligible for the faculty of instruction positions, applicants should have earned a Ph.D. in Computer Science or a closely related field. For the lecturer position, a Masters in Computer Science and a strong, demonstrable track record of Computer Science teaching is required. Candidates will be considered at the Assistant, Associate, or Full level depending on experience. Faculty of Instruction typically teach two courses per term and are involved in advising students and in departmental curriculum development. 
Applicants should submit (1) a cover letter, (2) a curriculum vitae, (3) three to five letters of reference which can speak to the applicant’s teaching abilities, (4) statement of teaching philosophy, (5) recent teaching evaluations (if available), (6) a teaching demonstration video (if available). Upload instructions are found at https://www.mccormick.northwestern.edu/computer-science/resources/careers-computer-science.html 
For general questions about the search or application assistance post submission, contact facsearch@cs.northwestern.edu. Review of materials will begin on December 1, 2020, and applicants are strongly encouraged to submit their materials before that date. Applications received after that date will be considered on a rolling basis. 
Department: MCC Computer Science 
 
Please read ALL instructions and make preparations before proceeding to the application page: 
 Applications will only be accepted via online submission (see link below). 
 Please prepare all documents in advance as Adobe PDF files, and please be sure all information is entered correctly and accurately (especially names and email addresses), as there will be no opportunity for online revision after your application has been submitted. 
 Please also prepare a list of names and email addresses for your external academic references; your references will be contacted directly by the online system and invited to upload their letters on your behalf. 
 All required fields in the application form are marked with an asterisk and must be filled before clicking the “Submit” button. 
 Be aware that incomplete applications cannot be saved. 
Applications accepted here: Apply for Job Northwestern University 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Instructor jobs in Evanston, IL Jobs at Northwestern University in Evanston, IL Instructor salaries in Evanston, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Northwestern University Northwestern University 518 reviews Northwestern University is a private research university with 12 schools and more than 21,000 students across three campuses. Beyond bein... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
