
 
 
 
 Product Designer - Los Angeles, CA 91411 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Designer FloQast 2 reviews Los Angeles, CA 91411 Full-time FloQast 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are looking for a Senior Product Designer who is passionate about creating highly functional and beautiful B2B SaaS web applications. You’ll be a vital member of a growing team of designers and artists that are motivated to build products that delight customers. We work in a blame free, low ego environment with the goal of creating a culture where we can grow as individuals and simultaneously produce great work. The role will work alongside designers, product managers, engineers, and interface directly with customers. Design is at the forefront of our product development process. 
We are seeking Remote or Los Angeles, CA based candidates. 
 Visa sponsorship is NOT available at this time 
 Responsibilities Include: 
Lead and oversee the user experience of a product from conception to launch in partnership with product managers, engineers, and other internal stakeholders.
 Create wireframes, user flows, mockups, prototypes, and alternative approaches to new and existing features.
 Conduct user research, user testing, and collect analytics to make informed design decisions.
 Proactively collaborate with Product, Engineering, and other cross-functional teams to iterate on designs.
 Maintain and extend our current design language and style guide.
 Mentor other Designers.
 Desired Qualities and Skills: 
Cares deeply about user-centered product design and is motivated by creating tools that people actually enjoy using. 
Strong understanding of typography, information hierarchy, color, and other UI concepts. 
Experience with user testing, use of data to drive product enhancements, and iterative design. 
Comfortable with giving and accepting constructive criticism, and incorporating feedback. 
Experience working with Engineering, Product, and other cross-functional teams.
 Strong sense of ownership. 
 #LI-Remote 
#LI-MH1 
#BI-Remote 
About FloQast  www.floqast.com 
Recognized as a 2020 Technology Fast 500 by Deloitte, FloQast is the leader in accounting workflow automation created by accountants for accountants to work smarter, not harder. The cloud-based, AI-enhanced software is trusted by more than 1,000 accounting teams, including those at Lyft, Twilio, Instacart, Zoom and The Golden State Warriors—and proud to be rated #1 across all user review sites. By automating common accounting workflows and helping to streamline and make them more efficient, FloQast is the place where accounting teams want to work so they can focus on what matters most, even when that’s just going home on time. Whether automating reconciliations, documentation requests or other workflows such as the month-end close, financial reporting or payroll, FloQast enhances the way accounting teams already work to help them work smarter. Learn more at floqast.com. 
We are fanatics about the success of our customers. Check us out on G2 Crowd 
We are equally fanatic about creating and maintaining a fabulous culture of support and success for all employees. Check us out on Glassdoor 
We are moving quickly and there is a huge upside opportunity in terms of career growth 
FloQast offers competitive compensation, stock options, full benefits, and a positive and supportive work environment 
Named Inc's Best Workplaces in 2021 
Named among Best Places to Work by LA Business Journal in 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
Ranked #10 on The SaaS 1000 
FloQast, Inc is committed to operating fair and unbiased recruitment procedures allowing all applicants an equal opportunity for employment, free from discrimination on the basis of religion, race, sex, age, sexual orientation, disability, color, ethnic or national origin, or any other classification as may be protected by applicable law. We aim to recruit the right people for the jobs we have to offer, and to assess applications on the basis of relevant skills, education, and experience. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and strive to provide a professional and welcoming workplace for all employees. 
If you are a Colorado or Connecticut resident, please contact us by emailing  hiring@floqast.com  to receive compensation and benefits information for this role. Please include the job title in the subject line of the email Floqast Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Designer jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at FloQast in Los Angeles, CA Product Designer salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from FloQast 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
