
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Rosslyn, VA 22209 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 information By using Indeed you agree to our new  Privacy Policy ,  Cookie Policy  and  Terms , which we encourage you to review. OK Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Deloitte 10,223 reviews Rosslyn, VA 22209 Full-time Deloitte 10,223 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence by tapping into the power of data analytics, robotics, and cognitive technologies such as Artificial Intelligence (AI). Our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients leverage rigorous analytical capabilities and a pragmatic mindset to solve the most complex of problems. By joining our team, you will play a key role in helping to our clients uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data and transforming the Government and Public Services marketplace.
 
 
Work you'll do
 
 
The Data Scientist will lead data analytics and visualization activities to develop and deploy a customized risk assessment and dashboard. Work is primary remote but may include ad-hoc, in-person meetings in the DC Area.
 
 
The team
 
 
Deloitte's Government and Public Services (GPS) practice - our people, ideas, technology and outcomes-is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of over 15,000+ professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise.
 
 
The GPS Analytics and Cognitive (A&C) offering is responsible for developing advanced analytics products and applying data visualization and statistical programming tools to enterprise data in order to advance and enable the key mission outcomes for our clients. Our team supports all phases of analytic work product development, from the identification of key business questions through data collection and ETL, and from performing analyses and using a wide range of statistical, machine learning, and applied mathematical techniques to delivery insights to decision-makers. Our practitioners give special attention to the interplay between data and the business processes that produce it and the decision-makers that consume insights.
 
 
Qualifications
 
 
Required: 
 
 
 Bachelor's degree required
 Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future
 2+ years with Python Scripting, Tableau and/or Power BI
 2+ years with creating dashboards and data visualizations
 Travel up to 10% 
 
 
How you'll grow
 
 
At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there's always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Deloitte Just posted original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Rosslyn, VA Jobs at Deloitte in Rosslyn, VA Data Scientist salaries in Rosslyn, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Deloitte Deloitte 10,223 reviews We’re a leading professional services firm, but what makes working at Deloitte unique? When you join us, you become connected. To inspiri... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
