
 
 
 
 Physical Science Technician - Mississippi State, MS - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Physical Science Technician US Agricultural Research Service Mississippi State, MS $43,683 - $62,894 a year  -   Full-time Job details Salary $43,683 - $62,894 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 This position is located within the United States Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Service, Crop Science Research Laboratory, Genetics and Sustainable Agriculture Research Unit in Mississippi State, MS. 
 
 Responsibilities 
 Assist with collecting, preparing, evaluating and verifying environmental samples and supporting records. 
 Assist with or collects remotely sensed UAS data and develops files with GIS reference data for machine learning and artificial intelligence analysis. 
 Maintain records and locates and compiles data and other information from various sources related to environmental research and remotely sensed data 
 Interpret aerial imagery using systems such as drones or satellites. Interpreting GPS and GIS analysis 
 Maintain, operate, UAS machines, and retrieves and stores related files in a manner suitable for machine learning and artificial intelligence interpretations. 
 Travel Required 
 Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position. 
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 9
 Job family (Series) 
 1311 Physical Science Technician
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 You must be a US Citizen or US National 
 Males born after 12/31/1959 must be Selective Service registered or exempt 
 Subject to satisfactory adjudication of background investigation and/or fingerprint check 
 Successful completion of one-year probationary period, unless previously served. 
 Direct Deposit - Per Public Law 104-134 all Federal employees are required to have federal payments made by direct deposit to their financial institution 
 Successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit E-Verify at https://www.e-verify.gov/ 
 Qualifications 
 Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the closing date of the announcement including specialized experience and/or education, as defined below. 
 
 Specialized Experience :  Specialized experience is experience directly related to the position to be filled. Specialized experience must be described for each grade level advertised. The specialized experience requirements for this position are: 
 
 At the GS-07 
Qualifying experience for  GS-07  includes one year of specialized experience comparable to  GS-06  which is directly related to the work of this position and which has equipped the applicant with the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position. For this position, specialized experience is experience assisting with interpreting aerial imagery using technology such as drones or satellites or assisting with the collection of data through GPS or GIS (Geographic Information Systems) analysis. 
 
 OR 
 
 Education:  Successful completion of one full year of study leading to a master's or equivalent graduate degree. Related degrees may include Machine Learning, Computer Engineering, Agricultural Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, or Computer Science. 
 
 OR 
 
A combination of graduate education and specialized experience as described above. 
 
 
 At the GS-08: 
Qualifying experience for  GS-08  includes one year of specialized experience comparable to  GS-07  which is directly related to the work of this position and which has equipped the applicant with the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position. For this position, specialized experience is experience interpreting aerial imagery using technology such as drones or satellites or collecting data through GPS or GIS (Geographic Information Systems) analysis. 
 OR 
 
 Education:  Successful completion of two full years of graduate level education or a Master's degree, if directly related to the position. Related degrees may include Machine Learning, Computer Engineering, Agricultural Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, or Computer Science. 
 
 OR 
 
A combination of graduate education and specialized experience as described above. 
 
Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
 Education 
 Additional information 
 Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP), Reemployment Priority List (RPL), or Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP): Visit the OPM website for information on how to apply as a CTAP, RPL, or ICTAP eligible. To exercise selection priority for this vacancy, CTAP/RPL/ICTAP candidates must meet the basic eligibility requirements and all selective factors. CTAP/ICTAP candidates must be rated and determined to be well qualified (or above) based on an evaluation of the competencies listed in the How You Will Be Evaluated section. When assessed through a score-based category rating method, CTAP/ICTAP applicants must receive a rating of at least 85 out of a possible 100. 
 
Recruitment or Relocation Incentive may be authorized. Final determination to pay an incentive will be made by the hiring official at time of job offer. 
 
If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management. However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed. 
 
This position may be eligible to telework up to four days per week, based upon the duties of the position. This position may also be eligible for flexible work arrangements as determined by agency policy and any applicable collective bargaining agreements. 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 Applications will be evaluated in accordance with Office of Personnel Management's (OPM) Delegated Examining Procedures and USDA policy using category rating. Applicants who meet basic minimum qualifications will be placed in one of three categories: Best Qualified, Well Qualified, or Qualified. Within these categories, applicants eligible for veteran's preference will receive selection priority over non-veterans. Category placement will be determined based on applicants' quality of experience and the extent they possess the following knowledge, skills, and abilities (KSA) or competencies: 
 Applies Technology to Tasks 
Physical Science 
Research 
 
Your application, including the online Assessment Questionnaire, will be reviewed to determine if you meet (a) minimum qualification requirements and (b) the resume supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your resume must clearly support your responses to all the questions addressing experience and education relevant to this position. Those determined to be in the best qualified category will be referred to the selecting official for consideration. 
 
Note: If, after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities, or you may be found ineligible. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating. Providing inaccurate information on Federal documents could be grounds for non-selection or disciplinary action up to including removal from the Federal service. 
 
Clicking the link below will present a preview of the application form; i.e. the online questionnaire. The application form link below will only provide a preview and does not initiate the application process. To initiate the online application process, click the "Apply" button to the right. 
 
To view the application form, visit:https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11230969 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Not Required
 Drug test required 
 No
 Position sensitivity and risk 
 Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
 Trust determination process 
 Suitability/Fitness
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 The following documents are required for your applicant package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for incompatible software, your system failure, etc. Encrypted documents will not be accepted. Failure to submit required, legible documents may result in loss of consideration.
 
 Resume that includes:1) personal information such as name, address, contact information; 2) education; 3) detailed work experience related to this position as described in the major duties including work schedule, hours worked per week, dates of employment; title, series, grade (if applicable); 4) other qualifications. 
 If education is required or you are using education to qualify, you must submit a copy of your college transcripts. An unofficial copy is sufficient with the application if it includes your name and the necessary course information; however, if you are selected, you will be required to submit official transcripts prior to entering on duty. Education must have been successfully obtained from an accredited school, college or university. If any education was completed at a foreign institute, you must submit with your application evidence that the institute was appropriately accredited by an accrediting body recognized by the U.S. Department of Education as equivalent to U.S. education standards. There are private organizations that specialize in this evaluation and a fee is normally associated with this service. For a list of private organizations that evaluate education, visit the NACES website. All transcripts must be in English or include an English translation. 
 If claiming veteran's preference, you must submit a DD214, Certificate of Release from Active Duty, which shows dates of service and discharge under honorable conditions.If currently on active duty you must submit a certification of expected discharge or release from active duty service under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted.Veteran's preference must be verified prior to appointment.Without this documentation, you will not receive veteran's preference and your application will be evaluated based on the material(s) submitted. 
 If claiming 10-point veteran's preference you must provide the DD214 or certification requirements (see above bullet), plus the proof of entitlement of this preference as listed on the SF-15 Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference. The SF-15 should be included but is not required. Failure to submit these documents could result in the determination that there is insufficient documentation to support your claim for 10-point preference. For more information on veterans' preference visit FEDSHIREVETS 
 Surplus or displaced employees eligible for CTAP, RPL, or ICTAP priority must provide: proof of eligibility (RIF separation notice, notice of proposed removal for declining a transfer of function or directed reassignment to another commuting area, notice of disability annuity termination), SF-50 documenting separation (as applicable), and your most recent SF-50 noting position, grade level, and duty location with your application per 5 CFR 330. 
 
 If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
 Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
 Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
 Federal employees who meet the definition of a "surplus" or "displaced" employee.
 The public
 U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
 Clarification from the agency 
 US Citizens and Nationals; no prior federal experience required. usajobs.gov 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Forensic Science Technician jobs in Mississippi State, MS Jobs at US Agricultural Research Service in Mississippi State, MS Forensic Science Technician salaries in Mississippi State, MS Company Info Follow Get job updates from US Agricultural Research Service Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
