
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence (AI) Researcher - Wright-Patterson AFB, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence (AI) Researcher L3Harris Technologies 4,571 reviews Wright-Patterson AFB, OH L3Harris Technologies 4,571 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Description:
 Job Title: Artificial Intelligence (AI) Researcher 
Job ID: AS20210405-60771 
Job Location:  Wright-Pat OH 
Job Description: 
The Robust and Secure Machine Learning (RSML) is a collaborative research project between several geographically distributed branches of the Air Force Research Laboratory. 
The Air Force is increasingly utilizing machine learning (ML) systems and seeks to advance our understanding and capabilities to assess the performance of ML systems under a variety of conditions, including adversarial ML. We also seek to develop novel metrics for measuring robustness of ML systems when humans are integrated into the learning process or when ML is integrated into human decision making. 
This effort involves researching state of the art ML models and training methods together with assessments of model robustness. At the conclusion of the project we aim to have a better understanding of the mechanisms for and measurement of robustness in the context of machine learning. 
Essential Functions: 
Work within a research team to develop creative and innovative interfaces for complex analytical data produced by machine learning and artificial intelligence systems. 
Direct, collect, understand, and process various types of data for developing analytics visualizations for research and analysis. 
Build creative visualizations and user interfaces that show off the models being tested and allow for human feedback or enable active and interactive learning paradigms. 
Help bridge the gap between computers and humans. 
Qualifications:
 Bachelor’s degree with 2+ years experience in Computer Science, Visual Analytics, Machine Learning, Cognitive Modeling or similar. 
Master’s degree or higher 
Experience in development of distributed, web-based systems, service-oriented architectures, front-end user interfaces, and back-end databases. 
Experience with Visual Analytics, Human-Computer Interactions, Artificial Intelligence, and Machine Learning. 
Experience with UI development. 
Proficient with git. 
Possess solid software development and programming skills in Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript. 
Experience using data visualization tools and/or libraries such as d3.js, plotly.js, React.js or other tools. 
Self-motivated with strong intellectual curiosity, especially around defining impact 
Maintain outstanding written and oral communication skills, and good organizational skills. L3Harris 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Wright-Patterson AFB, OH Jobs at Technologies in Wright-Patterson AFB, OH Researcher salaries in Wright-Patterson AFB, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from L3Harris Technologies L3Harris Technologies 4,571 reviews At L3Harris, we inspire excellence. Across air, land, sea, space and cyber domains, our customers perform on the world’s most challenging... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
