
 
 
 
 VP of Product Data Science & Engineering - Los Gatos, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VP of Product Data Science & Engineering Netflix 602 reviews Los Gatos, CA Netflix 602 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Los Gatos, California 
Data Science and Engineering 
Netflix is constantly innovating on how to best connect people around the world with stories they will love: movies and TV shows that are diverse across cultures, creators, genres, and formats. This is an incredible challenge as we seek to bring joy to over 200 million households (and growing!) across 190 countries! 
In this exceptional leadership opportunity, you will lead Netflix’s product data science and engineering team to directly impact how the world finds and enjoys video entertainment. Machine learning research from your team introduces new algorithms to the Netflix personalization, search, content delivery, and payment systems; data engineering feeds key feature sets and other data to product systems and analytic applications; experimentation research, experiment design, metrics innovation, and analytics enable us to learn what works best for Netflix members and potential members as we try new pricing and plan structures, UI features, and algorithms; and data visualization and other analytic tools open up insights to the whole company, strengthening every area of the business. 
You will pursue these challenges as a data science thought leader and key executive partner in Netflix’s Product organization. In addition to leading a world-class team, you will influence business and technical strategies to help us solidify Netflix’s top spot in entertainment and continue our quest to revolutionize the future of global entertainment. 
What you will do: 
Inspire and lead your team to deliver strategic and novel data science approaches that help optimize Netflix's approach to growth, the member-facing product, and streaming content delivery, and guide ongoing product decisions. 
Participate heavily in Netflix’s executive team: help set business strategy, represent product data science and engineering, initiate and debate key strategic topics and opportunities from your team’s work, and drive bold high-impact decisions. 
Grow and expand your expert team with an eye toward diverse and forward-pushing skills that span machine learning methods, data engineering, experimentation, and analytics. 
Instill an inclusive team culture that is innovative and collaborative. 
Lead strong partnerships with Netflix’s product management, engineering, design, and content teams. 
Your background and characteristics: 
You enjoy having a strategic impact at an executive level, including interacting with other leaders on tangly issues and applying strong judgment and analysis toward important business decisions. 
You have a deep technical background in applied data science, spanning some or all of statistics, experimentation, machine learning, causal methods, optimization techniques, data engineering and architecture (applied to large data), and behavioral analytics. You likely have an M.S. or Ph.D. in a quantitative field such as Mathematics, Computer Science, Economics, Statistics, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Physics, Operations Research, etc. 
You have experience building and leading large and geographically distributed data science teams (100+). You are proactive and passionate about org health topics including inclusion & diversity, growth & development of ICs and people leaders, and functional excellence. 
You are skilled at operating in a complex, cross-functional organization where your teams need to collaborate and integrate with other teams across many disciplines. 
You have exceptional communication skills. You are articulate with both technical and business partners. You create effective frameworks to aid the discussion of complicated topics. You are an active listener. You are strong across written communication as well as oral presentations. You are naturally conscious of who needs to know what and proactively seek to share important context accordingly. 
You are curious about different regions and entertainment tastes around the world, and excited to help Netflix deepen and broaden our product to increase its relevance globally. 
You are enthusiastic about Netflix’s culture. Our culture is unique and we live by our values as articulated at https://jobs.netflix.com/culture. 
We can’t wait to meet you and learn how you can shape Product Data Science & Engineering to impact Netflix’s future! 
APPLY NOW 
 Share this listing: 
 LINK COPIED Netflix 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Los Gatos, CA Jobs at Netflix in Los Gatos, CA Data Scientist salaries in Los Gatos, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Netflix Netflix 602 reviews Netflix is the world's leading internet entertainment service with over 151 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV se... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
