
 
 
 
 Technical Recruiter (Early Career Robotics) - North Reading, MA 01864 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Recruiter (Early Career Robotics) Amazon.com Services LLC 74,776 reviews North Reading, MA 01864 Full-time Amazon.com Services LLC 74,776 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 1+ years of either campus recruiting or recruiting experience with a focus on passive candidate generation, engagement, and closing strategies 
 1 + year experience utilizing recruiting tools for sourcing and candidate/applicant management, e.g. LinkedIn Recruiter, CRM and ATS systems, web search, and other sourcing products 
 Bachelors degree 
 
Are you inspired by invention? Is problem solving through teamwork in your DNA? We apply advances in robotics and software to solve real-world problems that delight our customers' experiences in ways we can't even imagine yet. Amazon Robotics is located in the greater Boston area, the epicenter of robotics innovation. Our diverse teams come from all over the world to design, test and build our dynamic fleet of robots and mechatronic systems. Having our offices, labs, test floors and factories all co-located means that we can design the hardware, write the code, test, build and watch it all come to life. This allows us to innovate quickly and on limitless ideas. Current advancements are underway in autonomous movement and mobility, artificial intelligence and machine learning, manipulation, simulation, robotic management software, predictive analytics, and much more.
 
Come join us in North Reading, MA, or in our newly expanded innovation hub in Westborough, MA!
 
Core Responsibilities
 
 Recruit early career talent for Robotics including campus level hiring (interns, co-ops, new grads) 
 Schedule and attend campus events. 
 Build relationships at university partnership schools 
 Partner with hiring teams to build effective sourcing, assessment, and closing approaches with an ability to manage customer/partner expectations. 
 Recruit passive candidates and gauge chemistry of candidates for fit and motivation rather than simply sell a role. 
 Build and maintain network of potential candidates through proactive market research and networking skills 
 Recommend ideas and strategies related to recruitment that will contribute to the long-range growth of the company. 
 Experience with client-facing responsibilities working directly with hiring teams to build effective sourcing, assessment, and closing approaches with an ability to manage customer/partner expectations 
 Tech Recruiting experience 
 1+ years of demonstrated experience in applying analytics to create, measure, and scale the right workflow between candidates, hiring managers, and the recruiting team 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com Just posted original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Recruiter jobs in North Reading, MA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in North Reading, MA Technical Recruiter salaries in North Reading, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 74,776 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
