
 
 
 
 Engineer – Machine Learning – Microsoft Research - Cambridge, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Engineer – Machine Learning – Microsoft Research Microsoft 7,268 reviews Cambridge, MA Full-time Microsoft 7,268 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The ALICE team is hiring! 
We are looking for a machine learning engineer with strong analytical and developer skills to join our team to develop industry leading machine learning solutions. Successful candidates will have several years of building and tuning machine learning pipelines and deploying models at scale. They should be driven by the desire to imagine, invent and build the future of data-driven business decision making. A large part of the role will be spent developing our open-source package EconML, and aiding in its integration with other Microsoft products. 
ALICE is a project within Microsoft Research New England to direct Artificial Intelligence towards economic decision making. We build tools that combine state-of-the-art machine learning with econometrics to bring automation to economic decision making. 
#Research 
Responsibilities 
Role and Responsibilities: 
You'll be a member of a cross-disciplinary team of engineers, data scientists and researchers. 
Learning new skills rapidly and applying as needed, e.g., learn a new machine learning algorithm from a research paper and implementing it. 
Software engineering fundamentals, including coding, problem solving and data analysis skills 
Providing high quality support to all researchers in the lab. 
Creating and maintaining relationships with product teams. 
Ability to effectively work in collaborative multiple project team environment and ship production features in a fast-paced startup environment. 
Develop and deploy solutions with Microsoft Partners for solving business problems using machine learning and predictive modeling techniques. 
Experience with or the ability to quickly ramp up on causal inference techniques 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, or related field (or the equivalent experience). 
4+ years of experience in applying, implementing, and/or developing algorithms for machine learning, artificial intelligence, or statistics. Academic work experience may be considered 
2+ years of industry experience with data analytics tools such as Python, R, Matlab, SQL 
Preferred Qualifications: 
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Economics, Statistics, Operations Research or equivalent technical field. 
Experience working in an academic research environment 
Experience with Cosmos/Hadoop/Spark. 
The ability to self-teach in new domains. 
Ability to work independently and ramp-up quickly on complex and unfamiliar code. 
Experience with application development practices and version control systems. 
Good communication skills, both verbal and written. 
Strong intellectual curiosity and passion to solve real-world problems for enterprises and consumers 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 20 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Microsoft in Cambridge, MA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,268 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
