
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - REMOTE Flexibility - Aberdeen, MD - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer - REMOTE Flexibility Actalent Aberdeen, MD Remote $70 - $100 an hour  -   Contract Job details Salary $70 - $100 an hour Job Type Contract Full Job Description Description: 
Hiring for a company that generates transformative applied research to fuel solutions for our customers unique challenges. We are a self-sustaining research center that provides applied research and engineering to enable government agencies, utilities and commercial enterprises to fully exploit the future of communications, analytics and cyber security. 
We are looking for candidates with a strong interest in cyber security research and development for full-time positions in our Cyber Security research group. 
Candidates will work with teams to research, conceive, and develop prototypes, and should be adept at identifying successful approaches to complex problems. Our projects span several areas of interest, including (but not limited to): Full-spectrum cyber operations, including CND, CNE, CNA, and CNO. Program analysis, including program understanding, vulnerability identification, and remediation Malware analysis and reverse engineering Resilient networking in support of cyber mission goals Autonomous agent development Software-defined networking for cyber defense and deception Cryptographic techniques for assured computation Symbolic logic and theorem proving for automating network configuration Application of formal methods for secure and resilient systems Application of mathematic, statistics, and linguistics to large data sets to uncover patterns, extract information and gain understanding Artificial intelligence (reasoning, probabilistic inference, machine learning 
Research Engineers work as part of a team to design, implement, and test components of research prototypes and software systems aimed at solving cutting-edge cyber security research problems in the above areas. Research Engineers are expected to work collaboratively with teammates to execute tasks assigned by technical or team leads. 
Additional Skills & Qualifications: Requires 8 to 10 years with BS/BA or 6 to 8 years with MS/MA or 3 to 5 years with PhD. Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Physics, or related scientific/engineering discipline. Minimum experience: 5+ years with Bachelors degree 3+ years with Masters degree recent Ph.D. graduate Ability and desire to quickly acquire knowledge of new subject matter areas Expertise in one or more of: C, C++, Java, Python, Go, or similar languages Working knowledge of Linux, MacOS, Windows, and mobile operating systems, platforms and internals Working knowledge of modern computer networking technologies Working knowledge of modern development practices and toolsets (Git, subversion, CI/CD toolchains) U.S. Citizens required. 
 About Actalent: 
 Actalent connects passion with purpose. Our scalable talent solutions and services capabilities drive value and results and provide the expertise to help our customers achieve more. Every day, our experts around the globe are making an impact. We’re supporting critical initiatives in engineering and sciences that advance how companies serve the world. Actalent promotes consultant care and engagement through experiences that enable continuous development. Our people are the difference. Actalent is an operating company of Allegis Group, the global leader in talent solutions. 
 
The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. Actalent 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Aberdeen, MD Jobs at Actalent in Aberdeen, MD Software Engineer salaries in Aberdeen, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from Actalent Actalent connects passion with purpose. Our scalable talent solutions and services capabilities drive value and results and provide the e... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
