
 
 
 
 Group Leader - Lexington, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Group Leader MIT Lincoln Laboratory 107 reviews Lexington, MA MIT Lincoln Laboratory 107 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company MIT Lincoln Laboratory’s (MIT LL) technology-focused Humanitarian Assistance/Disaster Relief (HA/DR) Systems Group is seeking an Assistant Group Leader to contribute to the strategic growth and management of the Group’s expanding systems analysis, data analytics, hardware, and software prototyping efforts within the humanitarian assistance, disaster relief, climate change, and global health domains. 
 
 The HA/DR Systems Group is a professional, applied research and development group that seeks to develop advanced technology solutions to the nation’s most complex disaster relief and humanitarian assistance challenges. The Group consists of high-performing, innovative engineers, scientists, and analysts focused on advancing HA/DR technologies. The Group has made impactful humanitarian assistance and disaster relief advancements, and is currently expanding its focus to address climate change and global health technical needs. 
 
 The Assistant Group Leader role is a technical leadership and management position that supports the overall executive functions of the Group. The Assistant Group Leader works collaboratively with the Group leader, the Group’s administrative team, and technical staff to develop and execute the Group’s overall strategy and associated technical programs. The Assistant Group Leader will collaborate with various U.S. government agencies to identify transformative technology solutions, lead ambitious technology development efforts, and help manage the Group’s day-to-day health and performance. The successful candidate will join a diverse and energetic team developing game-changing capabilities for disaster relief and humanitarian assistance missions in order to make a profound difference in the lives of people across the world. 
 
 Major Responsibilities: 
 
 1. Strategic Development
 Assist in the development and presentation of the Group’s strategic plans to Laboratory senior leaders 
 Develop new program concepts, proposal briefings, and statements of work related to technology innovation and prototyping efforts that advance HA/DR capabilities 
 Connect with end users in the HA/DR, global health and climate domains to map operational gaps to potential technology solutions 
 Facilitate collaborations with other MIT LL technology groups, academic researchers, and other relevant technology groups external to MIT 
 
 2. Program Leadership 
 Lead the development and execution of HA/DR programs across a range of technical areas including systems analysis, sensing, artificial intelligence and machine learning algorithms, and data analytics 
 Promote technical excellence through robust program management and technical rigor 
 Manage staffing and financial plans in coordination with the Group administrative staff 
 Develop, review, and provide briefings and technical reports to sponsors in the Department of Defense, Department of Homeland Security, US Agency for International Development, and other federal agencies responsible for HA/DR missions 
 
 3. Staff Development, Mentoring and Group Culture 
 Assist in providing formal and informal feedback and mentoring to staff, including annual staff performance reviews and salary input 
 Identify high-quality, diverse staff candidates and participate in interviewing and hiring processes 
 Cultivate mentoring relationships among all levels of technical staff and build an equitable and inclusive environment to foster staff and group success 
 Promote technical excellence and professional development through assisting in day-to-day Group operation and providing critical constructive feedback on staff technical work, briefings, and reports 
 
 4. Other Responsibilities 
 Assist with Group administrative activities including review of release authorization of group documents, office space planning, purchasing and contractor timesheet authorization, and conflict resolution 
 Work with the Group and Division Business Managers to proactively maintain the fiscal health of the group and individual research programs 
 Work within the group office to advance the group’s and division’s strategy for enhancing diversity, equity and inclusion 
 Participate in strategic Laboratory-wide studies, initiatives, and committees 
 
 REQUIRED/DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 1. A PhD or MS degree in a science or engineering discipline is highly desired, although BS candidates with additional related experience will be considered. 
 2. Demonstrated technical excellence in an applicable field is required, as evidenced by written publications, inventions, technology or technique development, system development, broad notoriety in a specialized field, or other technical output. 
 3. Experience developing and delivering high-profile technical communications, such as technical briefings, lectures, or presentations is required 
 4. Experience within innovative systems analysis or artificial intelligence/machine learning development efforts is desired 
 5. Knowledge of current humanitarian assistance, disaster relief, climate change, and/or global health state of affairs, Federal and international landscape, operational needs, and technical challenges is desired 
 6. An interdisciplinary technical background and/or experience is highly desired. A minimum of 7 years of applicable experience to include active participation and leadership of relevant research and development efforts MIT Lincoln Laboratory 16 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Group Leader jobs in Lexington, MA Jobs at MIT Lincoln Laboratory in Lexington, MA Group Leader salaries in Lexington, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from MIT Lincoln Laboratory MIT Lincoln Laboratory 107 reviews MIT Lincoln Laboratory, headquartered in Lexington, MA, is a U.S. Department of Defense research and development center chartered to appl... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
