
 
 
 
 Enterprise Account Director - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 information By using Indeed you agree to our new  Privacy Policy ,  Cookie Policy  and  Terms , which we encourage you to review. OK Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Enterprise Account Director HiredScore Remote Remote Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description HiredScore brings deeply integrated big data and AI solutions to the global Fortune 500. By leveraging data from companies' Human Resources Data ecosystem, HiredScore automates and augments the hiring process, enriching recruiters' decisions with smart insights and candidate prioritization grades of A, B, C, or D using deep technology innovations in artificial intelligence and algorithms. 
HiredScore's Artificial Intelligence Engine uses past company hiring data, global hiring data, and other data sources including labor market data, employee performance data, and CRM data, to revolutionize the end-to-end recruiting workflow as well as integrate seamlessly with other HR Systems such as chatbots, assessment tests, video interviews, and other automation tools. 
We are looking for a strategic, growth-focused, and results-driven  Enterprise Account Director  to engage, retain, and grow HiredScore’s enterprise customers. You will serve as the primary advocate for our customers, guiding them along a path to success and engaging resources across HiredScore to drive retention and growth. You are ultimately responsible for the complete post-sales life cycle of your clients, and through your partnership, they will derive maximum value from their investment in HiredScore’s best-in-class technology, leading to project success, renewal, and expansion. Few roles provide such a direct impact on the growth of the company. 
Roles & Responsibilities:
 
 Own the customer relationship from the initial implementation to post-launch, renewal, and growth. 
Collaborate cross-functionally with Customer Success, Services/Delivery, Support, Product, Marketing, Engineering, and the Executive team to deliver long-term value for your clients. 
Retain and grow your book of business by measuring and articulating business value for HiredScore’s clients and by maximizing the return on their investment in HiredScore’s technology. 
Own the commercial relationship for your book of business, and meet and exceed your retention and growth targets. 
Develop a comprehensive understanding of typical business challenges and pain points faced by customers to appropriately map HiredScore’s offerings and associated business benefits to address their unique needs. 
Develop and maintain long-term relationships with executive stakeholders (S/VP, Director+, C-suite) in your account portfolio, where appropriate, by networking between customers and partners. 
Deliver, measure, and communicate return on investment throughout the customer lifecycle. 
Serve as a customer champion in driving industry best practices and the evolution of HiredScore’s product and platform functionality. 
Accurately represent the voices of customers inside HiredScore, ensuring the health of customers is accurately measured and optimized. 
Proactively identify risks to the customer in achieving their stated business goals and work with the cross-functional teams to build and execute a risk mitigation plan. 
What You Need:
 
 8+ years of experience in Account Management, Customer Success, or Consulting at a B2B enterprise SaaS technology organization where you have owned senior stakeholder relationships with your customers. 
Strong empathy for customers AND a passion for revenue and growth. 
Demonstrated desire for continuous learning and improvement. 
Ability to manage influence through persuasion, negotiation, and consensus-building. 
Knowledge of recurring revenue model and software contract terms and conditions with the ability to close fair transactions. 
Ability to self-manage and execute projects from scratch. 
Excellent communication and analytical skills, and advanced proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite or G-Suite. 
Interest in AI and Future of Work Challenges and Areas of Innovation. 
Experience in HR/HCM transformation is a plus. 
Fortune 500 client experience in advisory, consulting, or account management is a plus. HiredScore 1 day ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Account Director jobs in Remote Jobs at HiredScore in Remote Account Director salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from HiredScore Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
