
 
 
 
 Chat Bot Manager - Charlotte, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Chat Bot Manager National Education Partners 7 reviews Charlotte, NC Full-time National Education Partners 7 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description What We Are Looking For 
NEP is currently seeking a dynamic individual to become part of our Enrollment team as the AI Manager. 
 This position is responsible for designing the AI “bot” processes, flows, and overall strategies of the integrated systems related to automating the UI/UX for entire student lifecycle. This role will primarily be focused on optimizing student experience by applying best practice self-service protocols for student engagement points to defined milestones. This position is also responsible for analyzing and monitoring the performance of the automated intelligence process and strategy used to provide a best in class student experience. By consistently testing, analyzing, and reviewing automated “bot” strategy outcomes, conversion KPI’s, and prospective student lifecycle metrics, this role will be leading the bot process design, integration needs, and engagement strategy optimizations to deliver the best possible student driven experiential outcomes. 
Essential Functions 
Process Design: 
Lead designer of enhancing consumer-facing Chat bots and Virtual Assistants that are channel-customized across Chat, Messaging, SMS, IVR, etc., in a contextual, optimized and personalized AI process to enrich the student experience. 
Partner cross-functionally across Teams and Affiliated schools to guide process of designing, deploying and maintaining the bot conversational experience, while setting the standards and principles for effective conversational processes. 
Translates customer needs into UX/UI that the bot’s ability to deliver personalized and contextual information in real-time. 
Partners closely with I.T. and AI vendors(s) to enhance intents within bot experience including any needed integrations to facilitate the self-service experience. 
Collaborates with Director of CX, Marketing Leaders and AI conversational managers to design and optimize conversations and bot training according to affiliate playbook guidelines. 
Uses focused curiosity to develop strategic design plans for execution. 
Designs, administers, and configures bot processes with a “student first” mindset and designs affiliate school-centric experiences to solve inquiries via multiple channels & touchpoints. Starts with student empathy and always focuses the CX down to the smallest details. 
Process Management: 
Leads the documentation of process flows, policies, procedures, project plans, and other documentation within the automated service projects and in collaboration with all constituents. 
Work collaboratively with departmental leaders on projects and affiliate school initiatives while contributing subject matter expertise when appropriate. 
Develops team and departmental benchmarks to share outcomes on bot enhancements. 
Consistent validation experiences are operating as intended and uses A/B Split testing methods, NPS, and other qualitative feedback for optimizing the bot and self-service CX. 
Owns change management tracking and related outcomes from those changes. 
Reporting/Performance Management : 
Through collaboration with the Finance, Analytics, and Data Ops Teams, leads the initiatives for visualization and dissemination of bot KPI’s and performance outcomes as outlined but not limited to the following: 
Schedules weekly, monthly, quarterly and yearly meetings to communicate and disseminate enhancement results using visualization tools and publication-quality reports. 
Develop tracking systems on the key performance indicators of bot’s, bot processes/ flows, A/B split testing results, milestones, and all other related metrics by affiliate. 
Collaborate with Data Ops to integrate data from any Software/systems in use into any reporting tools implemented by NEP or its Affiliate’s. 
Work to develop processes to aggregate bot channel data into dashboards or on-demand reporting interfaces by affiliate. 
Assist Leadership in the evaluation and forecasting of bot generated inquiries, appointments, applications, enrolls, and starts. 
Reasonable and consistent attendance to fulfill requirements of the position 
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities 
Attention to detail, highly organized, and ability to execute multiple initiatives against arduous time constraints. 
Ability to work in a team-oriented environment. Culture is what drives us. 
Can you think outside the box? 
Ability to communicate clearly to a variety of constituents in both oral and written communication. 
Proficient with Microsoft Word and other applications in the Microsoft Office suite 
Education and Experience 
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited university required. 
5 years’ experience designing and enhancing bots or other customer facing automated intelligence/machine learning and self-service experiences required. 
Experience with admissions, enrollment and online delivery strongly preferred. 
Experience creating User Interface / User Experience designs for web and mobile preferred 
Strong analytical skills: Perform detailed analysis of performance and trends to provide insight and recommendations 
Demonstrated experience in stakeholder management, building partnerships and managing and interacting with clients and internal stakeholders of different levels 
Proficiency with reporting and analysis tools (e.g., MS Excel, etc.) required. 
Experience in higher education preferred 
Experience working in a technology-driven enterprise preferred 
All skills, abilities and education will be considered for minimum qualifications. 
Working Conditions 
This position operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, printers, and phones. 
Good working environment with the absence of disagreeable conditions. 
The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. 
Regular and reliable attendance is required. 
 NEP  will not sponsor applicants for work visas. National Education Partners 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Manager jobs in Charlotte, NC Jobs at National Education Partners in Charlotte, NC Manager salaries in Charlotte, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from National Education Partners National Education Partners 7 reviews National Education Partners collaborates with education institutions to provide comprehensive support – including enrollment, marketing, ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
