
 
 
 
 System Designer - Sanzaru - Foster City, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search System Designer - Sanzaru Facebook 631 reviews Foster City, CA Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Sanzaru Games is looking for talented Systems Designers. Systems Designers are responsible for the design of expansive and engaging game-wide features, turning high-level concepts into detailed rules and models that form the core game experience. Examples of typical systems that designers may work on include artificial intelligence (AI), Combat, boss encounters or character progression.Systems Designers work closely with all disciplines (especially the art and engineering teams) to design, implement, and balance game mechanics to a high degree of polish. We are interested in all levels of experience, from junior to senior designers. 
Conceptualize and drive designs from paper to final system architecture 
Scripting and setup using script-based languages like UE4 Blueprint 
Collaborate with Gameplay Engineers on developing global gameplay mechanics 
Work within the design team to support global and level-specific systems needs 
Author system documentation for circulation within the studio and with development partners 
Employ rapid prototypes, implement and present regular onscreen deliverables of all systems 
Evaluate features needed to improve and streamline implementation of gameplay systems 
Gather and act on game balance feedback with the aim of creating the best experience for all players 
2+ years of industry experience working in games 
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel and/or other demonstrable skill at organizing large datasets 
Experience identifying system design issues and creates solutions 
Intermediate knowledge of Maya or another major 3D modeling program 
Experienced multi-tasking and adapting to change 
Experienced shifting focus as needed 
Proven communication skills to interact effectively 
Combat and character mechanics: knowledge of game animation and game feel 
Working knowledge of C++, Blueprint or XML scripting 
Working knowledge of Unreal & Unity 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 21 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Designer jobs in Foster City, CA Jobs at Facebook in Foster City, CA Designer salaries in Foster City, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
