
 
 
 
 Bioinformatics Scientist - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Bioinformatics Scientist ConSol Partners 5 reviews San Francisco, CA ConSol Partners 5 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Sector:  ConSol US Artificial Intelligence & Emerging Technologies
 Contact:  David Robinson
 Contact Email:  david.robinson@consolpartners.com
 Client:  ConSol Partners
 Location:  San Francisco
 Salary:  Negotiable
 Expiry Date:  16 May 2021
 Job Ref:  BBBH171674_1618600148 
 The Company: 
A bioinformatics driven diagnostics company focusing on data analysis and sequencing within cancer genomics. They have recently IPO'd resulting in over $150m post IPO equity which they plan to reinvest in resources and growing the team from 200 to 400 over the next 12-24 months. 
The company's current focus is on developing cutting edge genomics-based precision-medicine products in immuno-oncology, cancer clinical trials, diagnostics, and therapeutics being used by pharma, biotech, hospitals, and clinicians. 
 The Role: 
Opportunity to impact ground breaking products in Cell-free data and liquid biopsy. You will have the option to work on data sequencing & analysis, building bioinformatics tools.
 You will be joining a small high performing team with a high impact role from day one. The team have expansive growth plans offering new hires the opportunity to move into lead and more senior roles on fast track time lines. You will be collaborating with some of the top academic and technical minds in the industry made up of bioinformatics scientists, software engineers and lab scientists. Your role will be research focused around large cohorts of cancer patient data. You will identify new product findings and be given the opportunity to publish and present results at top industry conferences. 
 Qualifications: PHD in a relevant field (Genomics, oncology, Bioinformatics, systems biology) etc Must have experience deep experience within Cell-free / Liquid biopsy data. Analysis of NGS cell free DNA assays strongly preferred 
- Cancer Genomics background - experience in gene expression, somatic varients highly desirable Programming skills in either R or Python. Ability to work with data frames, analyze genomic data, writing bioinformatics code scripts or packages Experience with cancer genomics software and databases such as: Mutect, Varscan2, Cosmic, TCGA 
 Offering:  competitive Bay Area salary, annual performance bonus, stock options, full benefits, 401k match ConSol Partners 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at ConSol Partners in San Francisco, CA Scientist salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from ConSol Partners 5 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
