
 
 
 
 Health Insurance Verification Specialist - Raleigh, NC - Research Triangle Park, NC 27709 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Health Insurance Verification Specialist - Raleigh, NC IBM 30,898 reviews Research Triangle Park, NC 27709 Full-time IBM 30,898 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
The Health Insurance Verification Specialist is essential to the ongoing profitable operations for one of the most globally recognized and respected companies in the world. By overseeing our financial activities, you will enable IBM to continue to bring to market ground-breaking innovations such as Artificial Intelligence, Cognitive Solutions, Cloud Infrastructure, and Blockchain technologies, to name a few. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
This role is a Health Insurance Verification Specialist is in our Business Process Outsourcing Organization, Cognitive Process Services. This role will be supporting an Insurance client in our Research Triangle Park, North Carolina office with a primary job role of completing insurance verification. This position requires excellent communication skills, proficiency with computers, good typing skills and ability to multi-task. Candidates with some call center and medical industry/health insurance experience is a plus. 
 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Any call center, customer service and/or basic data entry/transaction processing experience 
Basic communication skills 
Proficiency operating a computer, including good navigation skills, good typing skills and focus on accuracy 
Ability to multi-task, handle data effectively, and meet deadlines 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Bachelor’s Degree 
Insurance Verification experience 
About Business UnitIBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world. 
 
Location StatementSupplemental 1 employees may be eligible for paid holidays, paid sick time and Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship. 
 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 15 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Insurance Verification Specialist jobs in Research Triangle Park, NC Jobs at IBM in Research Triangle Park, NC Insurance Verification Specialist salaries in Research Triangle Park, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,898 reviews IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve busine... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
