
 
 
 
 Principal Data & Applied Scientist - Bellevue, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Data & Applied Scientist Microsoft 7,268 reviews Bellevue, WA Full-time Microsoft 7,268 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Are you passionate about machine learning? Do you want to work with the most cutting-edge projects in AI, from distributed training on 1000s of nodes to largest language models to state-of-the-art speech recognition pipelines? As AI and machine learning are becoming relevant to every business in every industry on the planet, our team is shaping the future of next-generation AI tools and platforms. 
 Azure Machine Learning’s Data Science team collaborates with the top ML teams in Microsoft to help them scale up their solutions and algorithms. You will work with petabytes of data, massive amounts of GPU compute, and state-of-the-art MLOps systems, while addressing the challenges of strong data privacy and responsible AI principles. You’ll have the opportunity to guide the development of Azure’s Machine Learning to help it become the platform of choice for data scientists and enterprises. 
Responsibilities 
We’re looking for experienced machine learning engineers with a strong background in machine learning and willing to work with a diverse set of AI projects in Microsoft. You should enjoy picking up new ML frameworks, developing novel yet practical solutions, and communicating with a diverse set of partners from both platform and product groups. 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: 
5+ years of experience in data science specialization, including statistical data analysis and/or machine learning in an enterprise-scale environment. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Masters / PhD degree in Data Science, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or a related quantitative field is a plus. 
7+ years of experience with general purpose programming language (Python / Java / C# etc.) and Machine Learning techniques. 
Excellent interpersonal, analytical, communication, and presentation skills – the ability to communicate complex findings in a simple manner. 
Familiarity with deep learning frameworks, e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, etc., is a plus. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: 
Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
#AIPLATFORM# 
#AIPLATREF# 
#DTPJobs Microsoft 6 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal Scientist jobs in Bellevue, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Bellevue, WA Principal Scientist salaries in Bellevue, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,268 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
