
 
 
 
 Lead Gameplay Engineer - The Initiative - Xbox Game Studios - Santa Monica, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Lead Gameplay Engineer - The Initiative - Xbox Game Studios Microsoft 7,268 reviews Santa Monica, CA Full-time Microsoft 7,268 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Initiative, located in Santa Monica and part of Microsoft’s Xbox Game Studios, is the development team creating Perfect Dark. Our studio is about craft, creating story, innovating, and looking ahead to the next big thing. 
At the Initiative, we are looking for collaborative problem solvers who want to dive into something new and create groundbreaking experiences for our players. Join us for this once-in-a-career opportunity to help build the studio, define our culture, and create an environment that attracts world-class talent. 
Responsibilities 
Leading and managing a team of gameplay engineers. 
Define and build the gameplay engineering strategy for the studio. 
Balance active code development with management requirements and responsibilities of a team lead. 
Work with production, engineering, design, and art to break down gameplay features, create delivery plans and track development across teams. 
Define best practices for development within the team from coding standards to technical documentation. 
Support and incentivize knowledge sharing within the team. 
Set performance metrics and optimize code and data for memory and performance as needed. 
Contribute to debugging tools for programmers, level designers and artists. 
Maintain strong relationships between the different disciplines. 
Actively contribute to growth of new start up studio: lead by example, including demonstrating a willingness to give and receive feedback, collaborate with others to share techniques, ideas, and contribute to a positive working environment. 
Qualifications 
5+ years of experience in designing, developing, and shipping AAA gameplay. 
6+ years of C++ software engineering experience. 
Experience in core areas of gameplay development such as animation, physics, AI, and networking. 
Experience leading, building and developing high functioning teams. 
BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience. 
PREFERRED: 
Ability to quickly prototype and iterate in collaboration with others. 
Experience with Unreal. 
Self-directed and takes the initiative to drive progress. 
Self-motivated and directed; able to act with a sense of agency and accountability. 
Strong communication, interpersonal, and organizational skills. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. 
#gamingjobs Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Lead Engineer jobs in Santa Monica, CA Jobs at Microsoft in Santa Monica, CA Lead Engineer salaries in Santa Monica, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,268 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
