
 
 
 
 Principal Computer Scientist - Arlington, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Computer Scientist AF Research Labs Arlington, VA $151,516 - $172,500 a year Job details Salary $151,516 - $172,500 a year Full Job Description Job Overview 
Manages the Department of the Air Force (DAF) basic research portfolio in Computational Cognition and Machine Intelligence. Leads, promotes, and enables innovative basic research on the fundamental principles and methodologies needed to enable intelligent machine behavior in support of autonomous and mixed-initiative (i.e., human-machine teaming) systems. Defines and integrates world-class research and development programs based upon anticipating DAF requirements and leveraging national and international activities. Identifies, evaluates, and selects research proposals from universities and companies within both the US and internationally which encourage cross-disciplinary teams, especially when the research pertains to common issues and when collaboration is likely to generate bidirectional benefits. Develops opportunities to coordinate and advise with other DoD agencies such as the Army, Navy, and DARPA or other national and international organizations in these fields. Prepares, reviews, or directs briefings and decision papers that inform AFRL and peer organizations across the research community on the advances in computational cognition and machine intelligence that are the results of funded research by universities/companies. Responsible for managing all aspects of portfolio operations including maintaining electronic records, tracking and approving technical reports, and overseeing obligation and execution data. Uses knowledge of field to respond to changing priorities within the DAF and lead in a dynamic, team-oriented environment; and performs other duties as assigned. 
 
Required Qualifications 
 Applicants must have at least one (1) year of specialized experience at the next lower grade DR-03/GS-14, or equivalent in other pay systems. Examples of specialized experience includes experience in areas leading a research team or portfolio in areas of machine learning, artificial intelligence, autonomy, computer cognition, and/or human-machine teaming.leading a research team or portfolio in areas of machine learning, artificial intelligence, autonomy, computer cognition, and/or human-machine teaming. 
 In order to qualify, you must meet the specialized experience requirements described in the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards for Computer Science Series, 1550 Professional and Scientific Positions. 
 Desired Qualifications 
 Experience working with or within the Department of Defense research community 
 Ph.D. Degree is desired in a field related to the research areas identified in the Job Overview
 Cultivates and sustains a professional environment of cooperation, cohesion and teamwork 
 Experience with developing and maintaining close relationships with academia and other Government agencies for Basic Research 
 Familiar with specific technical areas’ state-of-the art (be able to judge world-class research). 
 Familiar with DoD programming and budgeting processes. 
 Acquisition Certification – This is an Acquisition Professional Development Program (APDP) position requiring Level I in Science and Technology Manager (STM) Non-Critical certification. The selectee will have 24 months to meet the requirement. 
 Motivated - able to identify problems, develop and implement solutions with little oversight. 
 Focused on OPPORTUNITY; articulate communicator - oral and written; able to make quality presentations in technical and business settings (e.g. technical conferences and program reviews). 
 
 Series 
1550 AF Research Labs 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal Scientist jobs in Arlington, VA Jobs at AF Research Labs in Arlington, VA Principal Scientist salaries in Arlington, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from AF Research Labs Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
