
 
 
 
 Data Science Senior Analyst - Denver, CO 80202 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Science Senior Analyst Accenture 20,804 reviews Denver, CO 80202 Full-time Accenture 20,804 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are: 
Applied Intelligence and End to End Analytics, the people who love using data to tell a story. We’re also the world’s largest team of data scientists, data engineers, and experts in machine learning and AI. A great day for us Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation, and responsible AI can do almost anything—spark digital metamorphoses, widen the range of what humans can do, and breathe life into smart products and services. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds Visit us here to find out more about Applied Intelligence. 
You are: 
Associates who are part of Accenture and End-to-End Analytics add value for our clients by deploying our situation-appropriate analytics and technology. To make the analytical work effective we also pay close attention to process design and change management. Our work helps power many of the world’s best analytics-enabled enterprises. We continue to grow and have several openings for new Associates. 
 
 As a Senior Analyst, 
You will bring: 
 A Bachelor’s, Master’s, or PhD degree in Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Management Science, Statistics, or similar field 1 year of experience using programming skills in Excel+VBA, SQL, Python, C#, R, etc. Project and/or classroom experience in areas like data analysis, optimization, machine learning, supply chain management, pricing and promotion analysis, process improvement, or business strategy 
You will solve 
 Ambiguous business problems with data driven approaches. You should have a knack for framing up a customer’s challenges and putting forward sound recommendations supported by quantitative analysis and business evidence. Real business problems from top-tier clients in various industries. We work in high-tech, semiconductor, automotive, retail, fashion, food and beverage, pharma, etc. 
You will work with: 
 Project teams of 2-6, generally with a mix of Associates, Consultants, Principals, and Partners. Principals and Partners as mentors for career development Consultants and other Associates as “buddies” to help navigate the E2E environment All colleagues on activities to help manage E2E’s internal operations. 
For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts 
Important Information 
Travel 
For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only.
 Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. 
Senior Analyst
 As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado  only , the range of starting pay for this role is 
$72,400-$106,999  and  information on benefits offered is here. 
What We Believe 
We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. 
Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities.  Read more here 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. 
All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. 
Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. 
For details, view a copy of the  Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement . 
Requesting An Accommodation 
Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. 
If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at  1 (877) 889-9009 , send us an  email  or speak with your recruiter. 
Other Employment Statements 
Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. 
Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. 
Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. 
The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information. Accenture Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Denver, CO Jobs at Accenture in Denver, CO Data Scientist salaries in Denver, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Accenture Accenture 20,804 reviews Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experie... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
