
 
 
 
 Digital Health Customer Experience Project Specialist, Radiology, East Coast/Central - Malvern, PA 19355 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Digital Health Customer Experience Project Specialist, Radiology, East Coast/Central Siemens Healthineers 203 reviews Malvern, PA 19355 Full-time Siemens Healthineers 203 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Now’s our time to inspire the future of healthcare together. 
 Siemens Healthineers is a leading global medical technology company with over 170 years of experience and 18,000 patents. More than 48,000 dedicated colleagues in over 70 countries are driven to shape the future of healthcare. We stand with our customers around the world to support them in delivering high quality care to their patients. An estimated 5 million patients across the globe benefit every day from our innovative technologies and services in the areas of diagnostic and therapeutic imaging, laboratory diagnostics and molecular medicine, as well as digital health and enterprise services. This is what truly matters to us. 
 Join our team now at Siemens Healthineers as  Digital Health Customer Experience Project Specialist, Radiology 
 This is a role well suited to an ambitious professional, looking for the next step in your career. The Digital Customer Onboarding & Outcomes Specialist (COOS) in Digital Health at Siemens Healthineers will partner with other Siemens resources to onboard teamplay and AIRC customers. Onboarding activities require some level of customer training along with ensuring first moment of success with these applications. In addition, the COOS will proactively engage with subscription product customers to ensure adoption of Digital Solutions. They will work with these customers proactively to achieve customer retention, satisfaction, growth and optimization for all assigned DH subscription solutions. This role is the Customer’s consistent Digital “ point-of-contact ” from sales hand-over to end of Customer contract within Digital Health. They will have a solid understanding of the Customer’s business objectives as it relates to the DH subscription solutions (teamplay, AIRC, sVC and e.Via), as well as the ability to identify what additional Siemens solutions would drive Customer value. 
 
The COOS has overall responsibility for teamplay and AIRC onboarding for their assigned customers, as well as, supporting Customer Engagement Managers with onboarding activities for their assigned teamplay and AIRC customers. The ideal candidate will have experience in radiology workflow   , as well as, experience in guiding customers to successfully use technology to support their KPI’s . 
This position will work closely with other internal team members to ensure a cohesive, positive Customer experience. The COOS is responsible for collecting ‘Voice of the Customer’ data directly from the Customer, prioritizing and looping it back to appropriate departments for improvement opportunities. [ 
You will be responsible for :
 Onboard customers for the teamplay and AI Rad Companion applications Serve as a subject matter expert as it relates to one or more of the DH Solutions Assist Customer Engagement team with utilization documentation for QBR development Identify potential risks with recommended mitigation strategy Encourage adoption of new features when released Proactively engage with assigned customers to ensure account health, adoption, and retention Identify emerging Customer needs and serve as a liaison between Customer and internal Siemens departments Escalate complex issues and concerns to appropriate senior leadership Identify accounts where usage is low, understand the “why” and take action to increase adoption Leverage past Customer experiences to facilitate future process improvement
 Champion a positive Customer Experience 
This position may suit you best if you are familiar with what is below, and would like to do develop your career with Healthineers
 Experience in adapting to a fast paced, changing, client-facing work environment while driving results Experience in guiding customers to successfully use technology to support their KPI’s Deliver input and drive process improvements to increase quality of onboarding experience and prevent repetition of issues Excellent interpersonal, influencing, communication and partnership skills Strong documentation skills with attention to detail Passion for Customer, product, and excellence Ability to prioritize work in a complex multi-tasking environment 
Required skills to have for the success of this role
 3+ years in Customer facing role in Healthcare environment or strong radiology experience BS/BA in business or healthcare, AART, or equivalent combination of education and experience Previous onboarding/implementation of SAAS solutions Radiology workflow or radiation Dose experience strongly preferred Sufficient understanding of radiology terminology Process Improvement and “Voice of Customer” experience a plus Project Management experience a plus Ability to travel to customer sites (up to 20%) 
Siemens Healthineers has recently announced the next steps in our continued commitment to prioritize colleague health, comply with customer/business partner requirements, and help preserve our business continuity. Going forward, please be aware that Siemens Healthineers requires full vaccination for COVID-19 for our U.S. employees, contractors, and business partners, where local conditions allow, who: 
1) Are customer-facing (e.g., those required to visit a customer/business partner site or interact in-person with customers at any conference or meeting) OR 
2) Come on-site, whether regularly or occasionally, at any Siemens Healthineers location. 
(Note: Accommodations may be requested for certain medical or religious reasons) 
At Siemens Healthineers, we value those who dedicate their energy and passion to a greater cause. Our people make us unique as an employer in the med-tech industry. What unites and motivates our global team is the inspiration of our common purpose: To innovate for healthcare, building on our remarkable legacy of pioneering ideas that translate into even better healthcare products and services. We recognize that taking ownership of our work allows both us and the company to grow. We offer you a flexible and dynamic environment and the space to move beyond your comfort zone to grow both personally and professionally. 
If you want to join us in transforming the way healthcare is delivered, visit our career site at 
https://usa.healthcare.siemens.com/careers . 
If you wish to find out more about the specific before applying, please visit: https://usa.healthcare.siemens.com/about. 
As an equal-opportunity employer we are happy to consider applications from individuals with disabilities. 
 
 
 Organization:  Siemens Healthineers 
Company:  Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc. 
Experience Level:  Experienced Professional 
Job Type:  Full-time 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law. 
 
 EEO is the Law 
Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here. 
 
 Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision 
Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here. 
 
 California Privacy Notice 
California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here. Siemens 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Specialist jobs in Malvern, PA Jobs at Siemens Healthineers in Malvern, PA Customer Specialist salaries in Malvern, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Siemens Healthineers Siemens Healthineers 203 reviews At Siemens Healthineers USA, our purpose is to enable healthcare providers to increase value by empowering them on their journey towards ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
