
 
 
 
 Head of Model Risk - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Head of Model Risk Pagaya Investments New York, NY About Pagaya 
 
Help Shape the Future of Finance 
 
Pagaya is a financial technology company working to reshape the lending marketplace, for investors, by using machine learning, big data analytics, and sophisticated AI-driven risk analysis. With its current focus on consumer credit and real assets, PAGAYA’s proprietary suite of solutions and pipelines to banks, fin-tech lenders and others was created to actively find greater value for institutional investors. PAGAYA’s models create additional value to that pipeline as well, by increasing liquidity and, in turn, increasing opportunities for access to credit. 
 
We move fast and smart, identifying opportunities and building end-to-end solutions from AI models and unique data sources to new business partnerships and financial structures. Every PAGAYA team member is solving new challenges every day in a culture based on collaboration and community. We all make an impact regardless of title or position. 
 
Our Team 
 
The company was founded in 2016 by seasoned finance and technology professionals, and we are now 400+ strong in New York, Tel Aviv, and LA. The team manages over $4.5 billion in assets on behalf of institutional investors around the world. You will be surrounded by some of the most talented, supportive, smart, and kind leaders and teams—people you can be proud to work with! 
 
Our Values 
 
 Continuous Learning : It’s okay to not know something yet, but have the desire to grow and improve. 
 Win for all:  We exist to make sure all participants in the system win, which in turn helps Pagaya win. 
 Debate and commit:  Share openly, question respectfully, and once a decision is made, commit to it fully. 
 The Pagaya way:  Use first principles thinking to support our needs, but is unique to Pagaya. 
 
 Role Description 
 
The Head of Model Risk is a key thought and business leader and will partner closely with senior executives to design, implement and enhance a model risk framework. This role will be responsible for model governance and control and will ensure our research team is equipped to develop and operate models and algorithms in an effective and controlled environment. They will establish and help manage model policies, documentation, validation and broader controls to ensure adherence to best practices, as well as appropriate rules and regulations. They will also engage with external stakeholders including our partners and regulators. This role will work closely with our AI research and risk teams globally and will report to Pagaya’s Chief Risk Officer. 
 
Key Responsibilities 
 
 Responsible for model governance and control framework 
 Responsible for adherence to appropriate rules and regulatory requirements 
 Lead a team of model risk experts and partner with key internal stakeholders in AI Research 
 Liaise with internal and external stakeholders, including partners and regulators 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 10-15+ years of extensive experience in model development and/or model risk 
 Experience in financial services strongly preferred 
 Experience in a quantitative/systematic/algorithmic investment organization is preferred 
 Experience with AI and ML systems and models is preferred 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Generous paid time off policy 
 Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance 
 Discretionary bonuses 
 When onsite: Unlimited snacks and beverages 
 Covid-compliant environment 
 A diverse and inclusive culture Pagaya Investments 21 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Financial Modeler jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Pagaya Investments in New York, NY Financial Modeler salaries in New York, NY Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
