
 
 
 
 Deep Learning Inference SDE - Santa Clara, CA 94085 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Deep Learning Inference SDE Amazon.com Services LLC 74,776 reviews Santa Clara, CA 94085 Full-time Amazon.com Services LLC 74,776 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience 
 Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design 
 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. 
 Experience designing, building, and running a production service at scale 
 Performance tuning of service APIs E2E 
 Familiarity with security best practices 
 
At AWS AI, we want to make it easy for our customers to deploy machine learning models on any endpoint in the cloud or at the edge. Just as SageMaker provides a complete set of services to simplify the task of building and training a model, Neo provides an inference engine that is designed to run any machine learning model on any hardware. Neo optimizes machine learning models for inference speed acceleration compared to original framework with no loss in accuracy, and makes it simple to support multiple target platforms.
 
Amazon Redshift ML makes it easy for data analysts and database developers to create, train, and apply machine learning models using familiar SQL commands in Amazon Redshift data warehouses. Redshift ML uses Neo to optimize its models for obtaining the best inference performance.
 
This role focuses on the cloud services for AWS AI SageMaker Neo and its extensions for supporting compilation for Redshift ML use cases.
 
Join us to help AWS customers deploy machine learning models in the cloud and at scale in production. You will have a passion for operational excellence, scale, and performance.
 
Inclusive Team Culture
 Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
Work/Life Balance
 Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.
 
Mentorship & Career Growth
 Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.
 
 
 Familiarity with ML operations services such as SageMaker or other industry standards. 
 Familiarity with AWS technologies 
 4+ years technical leadership role in machine learning, system security, or related areas 
 MS in Computer Science 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Deep Learning Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Santa Clara, CA Deep Learning Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 74,776 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
