
 
 
 
 Quality Assurance Engineer - Sunnyvale, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Quality Assurance Engineer Amazon.com Services LLC 74,776 reviews Sunnyvale, CA Full-time Amazon.com Services LLC 74,776 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Experience in manual testing 
 4+ year of experience working as a Quality Assurance Engineer 
 Experience in automation testing 
 Experience in manual and automation testing. 
 8+ years of experience as QA Engineer, or as SDET. 
 6+ years of experience in Java or Python and shell scripting. 
 Ability to translate use cases and/or technical specifications into test cases. 
 Strong knowledge of QA methodology and tools. 
 Ability to analyze logs and have strong trouble shooting skills. 
 Experience in test coverage measurement, and results reporting. 
 Knowledge and applicable work experience in creating automated test cases and improving test frameworks. 
 Propose improvements to our existing processes and automated tools in order to improve the team’s speed, quality and efficiency. 
 Ability to scale and handle multiple projects at the same time. 
 Lead projects end to end with minimum guidance. 
 
Do you like Alexa? Do you love bleeding edge technology? Alexa Local Search is looking for exceptional Quality Assurance engineers to work on latest trends. Our team’s mission is to make Alexa the most knowledgeable and trusted source for local information, backed by advanced Artificial Intelligence (AI) capabilities. Alex Local search is looking for a Software Quality Assurance Engineer to join our team of hands-on, passionate and seasoned software QA professionals delivering innovative, consumer-centric product solutions to Amazon customers worldwide.
 
As a member of the team, you will be working with business partners, software development engineers to design, implement manual and automated tests. You will have significant influence on our overall test strategy and driving the system architecture that supports it and spearhead the best practices that enable a quality product. You should have a combination of solid in-depth knowledge of Quality Assurance, solid understanding of the operating system software, as well as knowledge automation tools. You will learn a variety of cutting-edge technologies, development processes, and develop well-rounded skills such as leadership, and effective project management. Candidates will need to define test plans, test specifications, test suites, test cases as well as design tools for functional and performance testing in a programmatic manner.
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 
 
 Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or similar technical field 
 2+ years of working knowledge on the Android operating system with unit testing on Android 
 Passionate about learning new technologies 
 Eager to learn and learn fast, enjoy a fast paced environment 
 Self-directed, demonstrate leadership potential and a team player 
 Driven to provide the best customer experience via technology 
 Proven ability to work effectively in a cross-functional team 
 Experience with scalable distributed systems and service oriented architectures 
 Excellent written and oral communication skills 
 Excellent problem solving skills 
 Demonstrable ability to promote best practices in quality areas, including testability and instrumentation 
 Ability to drive innovation 
 
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age Amazon.com 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Quality Assurance Engineer jobs in Sunnyvale, CA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Sunnyvale, CA Quality Assurance Engineer salaries in Sunnyvale, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 74,776 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
