
 
 
 
 Principal Artificial Intelligence Researcher - McLean, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Artificial Intelligence Researcher Mitre Corporation 258 reviews McLean, VA Mitre Corporation 258 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.
 MITRE’s newly established Artificial Intelligence and Autonomy Innovation Center consists of a multi-generational, diverse team united by a passion and a sense of urgency to harness AI and Autonomy to help solve problems in the public interest. We discover, create, and lead through empowering an inclusive community of collaborative innovators, learners, and technical creatives.
 We are looking for people with a lifelong commitment to learning, who are passionate about harnessing artificial intelligence to make a positive impact in the world. We have built a supportive and inclusive environment where collaboration is encouraged and learning is shared freely. We value our diversity of experience, knowledge, backgrounds, and perspectives and harness these qualities to discover connections, solve problems, and create extraordinary impact.
 As a Principal Artificial Intelligence Researcher, you will:
 Work on, or lead, a team to develop and implement AI algorithms to help address critical national and global challenges.
 Grow and use modern software engineering techniques to develop AI-related software.
 Maintain knowledge of advances in AI capabilities across industry and academia.
 Develop, propose, and execute research in the field of AI.
 Cultivate new research directions in AI-enabled systems in support of MITRE’s internal research program and sponsor’s research programs.
 Evaluate AI solutions and compare to sponsor requirements and needs.
 We are looking for a blend of:
 A track record of generating new ideas or improving upon existing ideas in artificial intelligence and/or machine learning, such as those demonstrated by one or more first-author publications or projects.
 Interest in and ongoing insights into the impacts of AI technology.
 Experience managing/mentoring in a research environment.
 Programming experience in creating high-performance implementations of machine learning algorithms.
 Minimum qualifications:
 Bachelors Degree in applicable technical major
 10 + years documented success developing AI-related software and implementing AI algorithms. At least 2 years in a leadership position.
 Must be US citizen capable of obtaining & maintaining a US government clearance.
 Experience in natural language understanding, computer vision, automated reasoning, machine learning, or artificial intelligence.
 Recent programming experience (e.g., C, C++, Python, R, Java).
 Contributions to research communities/efforts, including publishing papers on artificial intelligence and machine learning (AAAI, ACM, JMLR, ICLR, NeurIPS, ICML, ACL, CVPR).
 Preferred qualifications:
 Advanced degree in applicable field.
 Preference given to qualified candidates with active US gov clearance.
 Relevant work experience, including full time industry experience or as a researcher in a lab.
 Experience mentoring, leading teams, and/or projects.
 Programming publication examples in GitHub or a similar repository.
 Experience writing research grant proposals.
 Strong publication record in a variety of forums (journals, conferences, etc.).
 Ability to design and execute on a research agenda.
 This requisition requires the following clearance(s):
 Secret
 MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status. 
 
MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at  703-983-8226  or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.
 Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only. Mitre Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal jobs in McLean, VA Jobs at Mitre Corporation in McLean, VA Principal salaries in McLean, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mitre Corporation Mitre Corporation 258 reviews The MITRE Corporation's mission-driven team is dedicated to solving problems for a safer world. We are a not-for-profit company that oper... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
