
 
 
 
 Junior Imagery Analyst - Fairfax, VA 22031 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Junior Imagery Analyst ECS Federal LLC 141 reviews Fairfax, VA 22031 Full-time ECS Federal LLC 141 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description ECS is seeking a  Junior Imagery Analyst  to work in our  Fairfax, VA  office. 
 
Job Description: 
The Junior Imagery Analyst is an entry-level role involving analyzing images and labeling objects within those images according to predefined descriptions. This position plays a large role in developing training data for Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning capabilities. The ideal candidate should be a self-motivated, team-oriented individual. The Imagery Analyst will be working in a large group environment where communication is key to completing day to day tasks. The ideal candidate will possess a high level of focus and attention to detail. 
 
Required Skills: 
 
 High School Diploma or Equivalent 
 Must be willing and have ability to obtain and maintain a SECRET Security Clearance 
 Highly organized and able to take direction well 
 Ability to work full-time hours (8-hour workdays) 
 Ability to work independently, cooperatively, and collaboratively as a team member 
 Possession of excellent oral and written skills, including non-technical writing 
 Excellent analytical skills, coupled with a strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive 
 Proficient in Microsoft Office products 
 Ability to handle ambiguity and changing priorities 
 
 Desired Skills: 
 
 Associate degree or bachelor’s degree 
 1+ years of experience in an office environment 
 
 ECS is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, veteran status or any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law. ECS promotes affirmative action for minorities, women, disabled persons, and veterans. 
 
ECS is a leading mid-sized provider of technology services to the United States Federal Government. We are focused on people, values and purpose. Every day, our 3000+ employees focus on providing their technical talent to support the Federal Agencies and Departments of the US Government to serve, protect and defend the American People. ECS Federal LLC Today original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Junior Analyst jobs in Fairfax, VA Jobs at ECS Federal in Fairfax, VA Junior Analyst salaries in Fairfax, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from ECS Federal LLC 141 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
