
 
 
 
 Paid Social Manager - San Diego, CA 92101 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Paid Social Manager Seer Interactive San Diego, CA 92101 Remote Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At Seer, we pride ourselves on innovation; standing out among the rest and enabling our clients to do the same. We're a Digital Marketing Agency powered by Big Data to drive integrated, holistic strategy for our clients. We get excited at the thought of bringing together millions of data points from disparate data sets (including qualitative!) to drive empathy-fueled opportunities and insights. Big Data, automation, and problem solving at scale: it's what's for breakfast. Could this be love? Maybe. 
Not the right location for ya? Don't worry- this position can sit in  Philadelphia , or  remote . 
What about you?  You're a natural-born consultant who loves solving problems at scale and making recommendations that are rooted in data- Big Data. What's better than bringing together millions of data points from disparate data sets to identify empathy-fueled opportunities for your clients? Communicating them in a way that gets clients excited, on-board, and eager to work together. You are data-driven, love a good challenge, and keep a close pulse on paid social industry updates to ensure we’re using the appropriate tools and ad types to help our clients achieve their goals. You take your client's success personally. Treating their bottom line with heart and protecting each dollar as if it were your own- and your clients love you for it! (We do too!!) 
 Here are some highlights of what you'll be doing... 
Craft and drive Paid Social strategy through an integrated approach to Search. Leveraging your expertise across a variety of paid channels (Paid Search, Paid Social, Display, Programmatic, and more!) and collaborating closely with SEO, Analytics & Creative to help grow your clients' bottom line 
Build strong, lasting relationships with your clients using Seer's values as your compass. You treat each touchpoint as an opportunity to build depth and trust in your relationship- learning about the business, their goals, new opportunities, and how their day is going 
Oversee day-to-day campaign strategy & management, acting as a champion for big data and making keyword recommendations at scale. You'll ensure analyses and client recommendations are, at the very least, rooted in both paid and organic data- supporting audience research, ad copy and asset creation, landing page recommendations/testing, and performance analysis along the way 
Prepare and lead presentations for your clients that demonstrate your impact and value on their bottom line. You're the tried-and-true business partner that client's dream of; positioning yourself as an extension of their team, and treating their wins/losses as your own 
 The skills you'll bring to the table... 
You've managed Paid Social campaigns across a wide range of engines (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram, and Pinterest) plus have experience with management platforms (Sprout, Sprinklr, Marin, and/or Kenshoo social.) 
You're no newbie to the world of automation. You know when & where to get precious time back by using big data, automation, machine learning so you can keep growing your skills! 
You thrive on a challenge- rolling up your sleeves to take risks with innovation and testing; you’ve got hands-on experience running campaigns and it’s made you the subject matter expert you are today 
Paid Social may be your thing, but you know it takes a data-driven, holistic approach to drive success for your clients. You're all about channel integration and leveraging data from SEO, Paid Search and Analytics to build smarter Paid Social strategies. You may not have all the answers, but you know where to go and who to ask 
You know the world of Social changes fast and it excites you! You're all over the latest emerging trends, tools, technologies, and data sets. You see the future of Machine Learning and AI in Social. You stay on top of new and evolving targeting options and ad formats. You bring fresh ideas to the table and fearlessly run alongside industry changes. You're quick to kick up a new opportunity and run with it, making data-driven, actionable recommendations to drive value for your clients 
Your passion for Paid Social stretches beyond reading industry blogs, articles, and case studies. You use your knowledge to elevate your clients, colleagues and industry peers- through 1:1s, Lunch 'n Learns, webinars, blogs, case studies, and speaking engagements. Facebook Blueprint certified too? Awesome! 
Your skills stretch beyond Paid Social- you're savvy with Excel, Google Suite, data viz tools and you have an A+ in data literacy. You understand data sources and constructs, the basics of SQL, and more! Most importantly, you know when there's an opportunity at your fingertips and are quick to loop-in the resident Data Analyst & Engineer to make it a reality 
Not ready to apply but want to keep in touch?  Stay connected via our monthly Career Update newsletter!  We'll share curated content on Seer, open roles, industry insights, career advice, events you don't want to miss, and more (so you never miss a beat). 
Sometimes the best opportunities are hidden by self-doubt. We disqualify ourselves before we have the opportunity to be considered. Regardless of where you came from, how you identify, or the path that led you here- you are welcome. If you read this job description with a belly full of excitement, we’re just as excited about you. You have to apply though :) 
#LI-Remote SEER Interactive 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Paid Search Manager jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at Seer Interactive in San Diego, CA Paid Search Manager salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Seer Interactive Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
