
 
 
 
 CHIEF RESPONSIBLE ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM - Arlington, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search CHIEF RESPONSIBLE ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM US Defense Information Systems Agency Arlington, VA $144,128 - $172,500 a year  -   Full-time Job details Salary $144,128 - $172,500 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 This position is in the Excepted Service and does NOT convey eligibility to be converted to the Competitive Service. It is being recruited under 10 U.S.C. 1599f into the Cyber Excepted Service (CES) personnel system. Positions in the Cyber Excepted Service are positions necessary to carry out and support the mission of the United States Cyber Command. 
 
It is in Supervision/Management Work Category at the Expert Work Level within the CES Occupational Structure. It is located in the DISA JAIC. 
 Responsibilities 
 Develops and monitors enterprise-wide Responsible Artificial Intelligence (RAI) metrics and reporting frameworks and develops and implements an enterprise-wide RAI communication strategy. 
 Formulates long-range artificial intelligence ethics policies and develops and implements strategies and management guidelines related to technical standards. 
 Applies subject matter expertise of scientific research practices and statistical analysis methods, critical thinking and analytical skills to develop technical standards and policies for the DoD Responsible Artificial Intelligence Program. 
 Identifies aspects of current scientific and industry practices that fail to meet the complex ethical test and evaluation challenges of national security programs and works to improve those practices. 
 Provides direction for solving complex technical ethical and bias problems associated with the development of JAIC products and services. 
 Travel Required 
 Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position. 
 Supervisory status
 Yes
 Promotion Potential
 15
 Job family (Series) 
 0854 Computer Engineering
 1550 Computer Science
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 Must be a U.S. Citizen. 
 This national security position, which may require access to classified information, requires a favorable suitability review and security clearance as a condition of employment. Failure to maintain security eligibility may result in termination. 
 Drug testing position. 
 Background investigation required and must be eligible for a TS/SCI clearance. 
 Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered or exempt from Selective Service. 
 Qualifications 
 In order to qualify for this position, you must meet the requirements described below and provide transcripts with a degree confirmation date at time of application. 
 
 Basic Requirements: 
 
 
 For the GG-854 Professional Engineering Series:  Degree: professional engineering. To be acceptable, the curriculum must: (1) be in a school of engineering with at least one curriculum accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET) as a professional engineering curriculum; or (2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statistics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics. 
 OR 
Combination of education and experience - college-level education, training, and/or technical experience that furnished (1) a thorough knowledge of the physical and mathematical sciences underlying professional engineering, and (2) a good understanding, both theoretical and practical, of the engineering sciences and techniques and their applications to one of the branches of engineering. The adequacy of such background must be demonstrated by one of the following: 
 Professional registration Written Test Specified academic courses 
- Related curriculum -  With this criteria, applicants also need verification of employment from a supervisor stating you have performed professional engineering duties. 
 
 For more detailed information on the above criteria, please go to the  Qualification Standards 
 
AND 
 For the GG-1550 Computer Science Series:  Bachelor's degree in computer science or bachelor's degree with 30 semester hours in a combination of mathematics, statistics, and computer science.  At least 15 of the 30 semester hours must have included any combination of statistics and mathematics that included differential and integral calculus.  All academic degrees and course work must be from accredited or pre-accredited institutions. 
 
 Qualifying Experience:
 
To qualify at the GG-15, your resume must describe at least one year of experience that demonstrates the competencies necessary for immediate success in the position. Experience refers to any paid or unpaid experience, including volunteer work and Military service, that would be considered equivalent to work normally performed at the next lower grade level in the federal service. 
 
 For this position, qualifying experience is defined as experience leading the development and promulgation of policies, practices, guidance and metrics for the responsible development, procurement and use of Al-capabilities. 
 
Candidates must describe how they meet the qualifying experience and/or selective placement factor(s) within the body of their resume.  All qualifications must be met within 30 days after the closing date of this announcement. 
 Education 
 There is no substitution of education for experience at this grade level. 
 
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating 
 
 Foreign Education : If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show that the education credentials have been evaluated by the National Association of Credential Evaluation Services at the time of application. National Association of Credential Evaluation Services .
 Additional information 
 This position is a DoD Cyber Excepted Service (CES) personnel system position in the Excepted Service under 10 U.S.C. 1599f. 
 If you are a current Federal Career/Career-Conditional employee, you will be placed on an Excepted appointment. 
 This appointment does not confer eligibility to be non-competitively converted to the competitive service. 
 Telework availability will be based upon the mission requirements and supervisory determination. 
 A three year probationary period may be required. 
 This position is subject to completion of 1 year probationary period for assignment to a supervisory position. 
 Individuals tentatively selected for drug testing designated positions at the Defense Information Systems Agency will be required to submit to urinalysis for illegal drugs prior to appointment or placement. 
 Moving costs MAY be paid. 
 Recruitment, relocation, or retention incentives MAY be authorized. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 makes certain reimbursements/payments taxable. For information on these changes and the Relocation Income Tax Allowance (RITA), for which some appointees are eligible, click here. 
 Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered or exempt from Selective Service (to verify your registration status click here). 
 The Department of Defense (DoD) policy on employment of annuitants issued March 18, 2004 will be used in determining eligibility of annuitants. It applies to former Federal civilian employees receiving a retirement annuity from the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund that are hired within the DoD on or after November 24, 2003. The policy also applies to annuitants (appointed in DoD on/or after November 24, 2003) who move from one position to another within DoD through voluntary reassignment, promotion, change to lower grade or transfer between military departments. Please see this policy here. 
 This position is subject to the limitations imposed by the DOD Priority Placement Program. 
 DoD Components with CES positions apply Veterans' Preference to preference eligible candidates, as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 U.S.C, in accordance with the procedures provided in DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 3005, "CES Employment and Placement." If you are a veteran claiming veterans' preference, as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 U.S.C., you must submit documents verifying your eligibility with your application package." 
 For more information on veterans' preference click here. 
 For more information on the Cyber Excepted Service Personnel System, click here. 
 For more information regarding qualifications requirements please click here. 
 If you are unable to apply online, view the following link for information regarding Alternate Application. 
 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 Once the application process is complete, a review of your resume and supporting documentation will be made to determine if you are qualified for this job. If, after reviewing your resume and or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or experience, you may lose consideration for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating. 
 
 Management will consider only the first five pages of applicant resumes. It is recommended that applicants streamline resumes to capture relevant experience within the first five pages. Information on resumes beyond page five will not be reviewed by management. 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Sensitive Compartmented Information
 Drug test required 
 Yes
 Position sensitivity and risk 
 Special-Sensitive (SS)/High Risk
 Trust determination process 
 National security
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 FOR THIS JOB ANNOUNCEMENT THE FOLLOWING SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS ARE REQUIRED AS THEY APPLY STATED BELOW AND MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE CLOSE OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT. NOT ALL DOCUMENTS WILL APPLY TO EVERYONE.
 
 Transcripts (REQUIRED)  If you are substituting education for specialized experience you must submit all of your transcripts. The absence of this information will result in an ineligible rating. 
 SF-50 - (if applicable)  Notification of Personnel Action for current or former federal employees- All applicants to include current agency employees must provide your most recent SF50 or the SF50 reflecting Career/Career-Conditional tenure and the highest grade held on a permanent basis. 
 Veterans Preference Documentation (if applicable)
 You must submit a copy of your DD Form-214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty", showing the dates of active duty service, type of discharge and the character of service. Alternatively, If you are a current military member in active duty service and do not have a copy of your DD Form-214, you must submit a written documentation (certification) from your branch of service certifying that you are expected to be discharged or released from active duty under honorable conditions no later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted with your application for this position. The certification should also include your rank, dates of active duty service and what they condition of discharge is thought to be. 
 If claiming 10-point preference and/or are a 30% or more Disabled Veteran, you must submit both a DD Form-214 or expected discharge documentation as described above AND a copy of a letter from the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) or your branch of service certifying the presence of service-connected disability and indicating the percentage of disability 
 If you are claiming eligibility based on 10-point derived veterans' preference (i.e. a spouse, widow/widower, or parent of a veteran claiming veterans' preference when the veteran is unable to use it), you must also submit a Standard Form 15 (SF-15) "Application for 10-Point Veteran's Preference" and any required documents indicated on the SF-15 to substantiate the claimed preference. 
 Your complete Application Package (containing the above required documents) must be received no later than 11:59 pm Eastern Time on 10/27/2021 
 
WARNING: Failure to submit a complete application package including any required documentation by 11:59 PM (EST) on 10/27/2021, or at the time of application for announcements with an extended closing date, may result in an ineligible rating and loss of consideration. To verify that your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account, select Application Status and More Information. The Details page will display the status of your application. It is the applicant's responsibility to verify that information entered, uploaded is received, legible and accurate. HR will not modify answers submitted by an applicant.
 If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
 Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
 Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 Review our benefits
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 The public
 U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
 Clarification from the agency 
 All U.S. citizens usajobs.gov 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Company Info Follow Get job updates from US Defense Information Systems Agency Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
