
 
 
 
 Data Engineer - Plano, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Engineer Cognizant Technology Solutions 14,048 reviews Plano, TX Cognizant Technology Solutions 14,048 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Role:  Data Engineer
 
 Cognizant (NASDAQ:  CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.). Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 1000, and the Fortune 500 and we are among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world.
 
 
 Please note, this role is not able to offer visa transfer or sponsorship now or in the future* 
 
Practice - AIA - Artificial Intelligence and Analytics
 
 About AI & Analytics:  Artificial intelligence (AI) and the data it collects and analyzes will soon sit at the core of all intelligent, human-centric businesses. By decoding customer needs, preferences, and behaviors, our clients can understand exactly what services, products, and experiences their consumers need. Within AI & Analytics, we work to design the future—a future in which trial-and-error business decisions have been replaced by informed choices and data-supported strategies.
 
By applying AI and data science, we help leading companies to prototype, refine, validate, and scale their AI and analytics products and delivery models. Cognizant’s AIA practice takes insights that are buried in data, and provides businesses a clear way to transform how they source, interpret and consume their information. Our clients need flexible data structures and a streamlined data architecture that quickly turns data resources into informative, meaningful intelligence.
 
 Responsibilities: 
The Data Engineer is responsible for creating and supporting data processing solutions in cloud for our clients. In this role you will use Open Source technologies like Spark , Scala/Python/Java in AWS cloud environment to design and develop data processing applications to provide our clients with faster insight into their business.
 
You will develop, test and deploy the solutions for warehousing systems. In addition, you will be responsible for resolving any issues with the systems as well as creating technical documentation outlining the design, troubleshooting and repair steps.
 
After completing a comprehensive training program, you will join our AI&A practice as an Data Engineer supporting an enterprise client.
 
Day-to-Day Responsibilities
 
Participate in Agile ceremonies like standup , grooming and retrospectives
 
Design and develop solutions , which includes Preparation of design documents , unit testing , code version control and other relevant operational duties.
 
Prepare codes for all modules according to require specification.
 
Monitor all production issues and inquiries and provide efficient resolution
 
Evaluate all functional requirements and map documents and perform troubleshoot on all development processes.
 
Collaborate with application groups to prepare effective solutions for all programs.
 
Document all technical specifications and associate project deliverables.
 
 Technical Skills:  Spark , Scala/Python/Java, AWS, SQL
 
Cognizant is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V. Cognizant is committed to ensuring that all current and prospective associates are afforded equal opportunities and treatment and a work environment free of harassment.
 
Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.
 
 Employee Status :  Full Time Employee
 Shift :  Day Job
 Travel :  No
 Job Posting :  May 11 2021
 
 About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100:  CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.
 
Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.
 Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information. Cognizant 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Engineer jobs in Plano, TX Jobs at Cognizant Technology Solutions in Plano, TX Data Engineer salaries in Plano, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cognizant Technology Solutions Cognizant Technology Solutions 14,048 reviews Cognizant (NASDAQ-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients'​ business, operating an... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
