
 
 
 
 Director of Corporate Communications & Public Relations (FL) - Miami, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director of Corporate Communications & Public Relations (FL) Xometry Inc Miami, FL Remote Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Xometry, a fast-growing technology company reshaping manufacturing in America, is looking for a  Director of Corporate Communications and Public Relations  to join our team. We’re looking for a candidate who will drive higher awareness and engagement for Xometry among key target audiences as we continue our significant growth and expand globally. The person in this role will plan, develop, implement, and measure strategic plans and messaging designed to inform and engage various stakeholders, including press, employees, manufacturing partners, and customers. 
This position is responsible for managing all aspects of corporate communications, maintaining a best-in-class approach to interacting key external stakeholders. The role reports directly to the Chief Revenue Officer and will have key relationships with other members of the executive team including the Chief People Officer. The candidate should be both strategic and hands on in terms of driving tactics. 
The ideal candidate should have experience working at a high-growth technology company. This is a senior level position with responsibilities that require regular interactions with the rest of the senior leadership team, industry, and the media. Xometry has a unique story about how our distributed manufacturing approach is helping customers like BMW, GE, NASA and Dell build highly technical projects through 3D Printing and other manufacturing capabilities while driving the business of thousands of small and medium size manufacturers. 
Ideal candidate would be located in the Washington, D.C. area, but open to remote candidates willing to travel frequently to the office in Bethesda, MD. 
 Key Responsibilities 
Lead media strategy/outreach to national/local/industry media outlets 
Develop internal and external company presentations, prepared remarks and Q&A documents - streamline and incorporate feedback from senior business leaders 
Write key external communications, including press releases and other materials 
Drive thought leadership for Xometry in manufacturing and technology industries, including development of new data/content such as Xometry Small Manufacturing Index 
Manage key employee communications
 Desired Qualifications 
Minimum of 10 years of experience in corporate communications 
Excellent relationship building skills and an ability to communicate well with the press and other external stakeholders 
Strong analytical skills 
Experience working at or with a high-growth technology company within the last 2 years 
History of teamwork and willingness to roll up one’s sleeves to get the job done 
Self-directed orientation with the ability to take initiative 
Superior project management and organizational skills with high attention to detail 
Strong verbal and written communication skills 
Conveys information with clarity and directness 
BA/BS Degree preferred 
 Xometry is the largest marketplace for custom manufacturing, connecting customers with optimal manufacturing solutions through proprietary AI algorithms. Xometry provides on-demand manufacturing services and industrial supply materials to a diverse customer base, ranging from startups to Fortune 100 companies. Our nationwide network of over 6,000 partner manufacturing facilities enables us to maintain consistently fast lead times while offering a broad array of capabilities, including CNC machining, 3D printing, sheet metal fabrication, injection molding, and urethane casting. Xometry's customers include BMW, Dell Technologies, General Electric, and NASA. 
If this job isn’t for you but you have a friend who may be a perfect fit - share this job with them! 
Xometry is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
Xometry participates in E-Verify and after a job offer is accepted, will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S. Xometry Inc 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Public Relations jobs in Miami, FL Jobs at Xometry in Miami, FL Director of Public Relations salaries in Miami, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Xometry Inc Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
