
 
 
 
 Director - Emerging Technology - King of Prussia, PA 19406 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director - Emerging Technology Vertex, Inc. 68 reviews King of Prussia, PA 19406 Remote Full-time Vertex, Inc. 68 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Basic Information
 Name:  Director - Emerging Technology
 Job ID:  1397
 Posting Locations:  King of Prussia, PA, Remote
 Job Type:  full-time
 Status:  Regular
 Category:  Director
 Description and Requirements
 JOB SUMMARY: 
This position is responsible for leading the Emerging Technology team, focusing on technology-driven innovation and exploring the art of the possible. This position will foster a culture of fail fast, learn, improve, and iterate quickly. He or she will be responsible for working with innovative technology that can be leveraged to create solutions and value that Vertex’s clients and the market need. The role will be responsible for leading a team through research and pilots to advance the emerging technology agenda. Emerging technologies will be explored as they relate to business drivers whether as part of market solutions or new product ideas being explored through incubation or partnership. This leader will work closely with leaders in Product Management, IT, Strategy, and Commercial Software and Technology organizations as well as with leaders accountable for incubation and innovation of new products at Vertex. 
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Lead the functions of scanning, tracking and ranking of key technologies for Vertex’s solutions and their current and potential future impacts to Vertex. 
Lead pilots that make use of emerging technologies and demonstrate the impact on business strategy and highlight the innovation outcomes through rapid execution of projects demonstrating feasibility of achieving key business strategic goals. 
Strategically collaborate and leverage cross-functional teams to identify new opportunities to inform build, test and iterate with cutting edge technology and capabilities that drive product differentiation with a high frequency, fail fast and learn approach. 
Identify, develop, influence, and/or make the case for operationalization of emerging technologies that will enhance customer and partner experience, deliver operational efficiencies, enable differentiate value in the market, and enable next generation product offerings 
Connect technologies to business problems and educate/evangelize the application of technologies that address business problems in a way that both technical and non-technical stakeholders understand; working with and in collaboration with other senior leaders (both technical and non-technical) in both current in market solutions and emerging/new product solutions. 
Provide hands-on, operational leadership and inspiration and develop a team of passionate Page 2 of 3 technologists to drive for value creation quickly; infuse an innovation driven mindset 
Coach, develop and inspire our next generation of emerging technology and innovation leadership. • May lead projects and performs other duties as assigned. 
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
Determine appropriate resourcing of staff in order to achieve goals and objectives. 
Build an effective leadership team through mentoring, coaching, and education that focuses on management, performance, career development and change management. 
Define annual Key Performance Indicators aligned with corporate goals. 
Accountable for collective results and recognizing others’ contributions driving to successful outcomes. 
Own attainment of high employee satisfaction and retention; lead development of program and initiatives within group to attain high employee satisfaction. 
Lead change management initiatives to drive improvements and efficiencies. 
Ability to interact collaboratively and communicate effectively with external, internal customers, and stakeholders to address issues and ensure alignment. 
Prepare and manage budget as assigned; analyzes variances and initiates corrective actions to maximize operational performance. 
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: 
Experience with emerging technology team leadership with a proven track record of using emerging technologies to address product and market differentiation, build out business cases, and drive research/tracking and pilots towards measurable outcomes. 
Ability to apply multidisciplinary knowledge and practices to achieve successful outcomes in cross functional projects and activities 
Strong verbal and written communications skills are a must, strong presentation skills as well as the ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations • Strong software engineering/architecture fundamentals 
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with proven ability to conceptualize and design pragmatic solutions • Demonstrated experience of partnership with industry leading technology companies and start-ups • Knowledge of current technologies such as AI, data analytics, no-code/low-code, and cloud computing. 
EDUCATION AND TRAINING: 
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field required; Master of Science in Computer Science or related preferred. 
12+ years experience in technology-focused organizations. Page 3 of 3 
10+ years of leading cross-disciplinary product and engineering teams. 
5+ years of software architecture experience. 
Or equivalent combination of education and/or experience. 
Other Qualifications 
The Winning Way behaviors that all Vertex employees need in order to meet the expectations of each other, our customers, and our partners. 
Communicate with Clarity - Be clear, concise and actionable. Be relentlessly constructive. Seek and provide meaningful feedback. 
Act with Urgency - Adopt an agile mentality - frequent iterations, improved speed, resilience. 80/20 rule – better is the enemy of done. Don’t spend hours when minutes are enough. 
Work with Purpose - Exhibit a “We Can” mindset. Results outweigh effort. Everyone understands how their role contributes. Set aside personal objectives for team results. 
Drive to Decision - Cut the swirl with defined deadlines and decision points. Be clear on individual accountability and decision authority. Guided by a commitment to and accountability for customer outcomes. 
Own the Outcome - Defined milestones, commitments and intended results. Assess your work in context, if you’re unsure, ask. Demonstrate unwavering support for decisions. 
COMMENTS : The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by individuals in this position. Other functions may be assigned, and management retains the right to add or change the duties at any time. 
 Vertex is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. If you'd like to view a copy of the company's affirmative action plan, please email AskHR@vertexinc.com. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact  610-640-4200  or AskHR@vertexinc.com. This telephone line and email address is reserved solely for job seekers with disabilities requesting accessibility assistance or an accommodation in the job application process. Please do not call about the status of your job application if you do not require accessibility assistance or an accommodation. Messages left for other purposes, such as following up on an application or non-disability related technical issues, will not receive a response. Vertex, Inc. 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Technology jobs in King of Prussia, PA Jobs at Vertex in King of Prussia, PA Director of Technology salaries in King of Prussia, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Vertex, Inc. Vertex, Inc. 68 reviews Define Your Potential.

Vertex Inc. is a leading tax technology provider that connects great people and partners to deliver the world’s... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
