
 
 
 
 Paid Social Team Lead - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Paid Social Team Lead Seer Interactive Remote Remote Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At Seer, we pride ourselves on innovation; standing out among the rest and enabling our clients to do the same. We're a Digital Marketing Agency powered by Big Data to drive integrated, holistic strategy for our clients. We get excited at the thought of bringing together millions of data points from disparate data sets (including qualitative!) to drive empathy-fueled opportunities and insights. Big Data, automation, and problem solving at scale: it's what's for breakfast. Could this be love? Maybe. 
Not the right location for ya? Don't worry- this position can sit in sunny  San Diego , or  remote . 
What about you?  You're a natural-born consultant who loves solving problems at scale and making recommendations that are rooted in data- Big Data. What's better than bringing together millions of data points from disparate data sets to identify empathy-fueled opportunities for your clients? You’re interested in not just leveraging data for media strategy, but to apply those same insights to creative recommendations and strategy. Communicating them in a way that gets clients excited, on-board, and eager to work together. You take your client's success personally. Treating their bottom line with heart and protecting each dollar as if it were your own- and your clients love you for it! (We do too!!) 
You’re the go-to for all things Paid Social and beyond. A visionary, change agent, and influencer; helping shape the future of our Paid Social division. You're the leader team's dream of- sparking thought leadership and fire, while uniting the team around a shared vision they're excited to support. 
 Here's how you'll drive innovation... 
Evangelize Seer's vision within Paid Social; working closely with Seer’s Paid Media Leadership Team to drive excitement, adoption, and integration as we run full-steam towards big data, automation, machine learning, and holistic search strategies 
Drive full-funnel Paid Social strategy through an integrated approach, leveraging deep expertise across a variety of paid social channels (FB/IG, LinkedIn, Pinterest, TikTok, and more!) while collaborating closely with other divisions like Creative and SEO to help grow your clients' bottom line 
Lead by example, diffusing your knowledge and experience across a team of 4+ developing Paid Social SMEs. You set a high bar for excellence and under your leadership- your team rises to meet it 
Oversee day-to-day campaign strategy & management for 1-2 accounts, implementing industry best practices and acting as a champion for big data and making recommendations at scale 
As creative continues to become more important for the success of Paid Social, you will drive creative innovation and synergy between divisions within Seer to help provide direction for our growing Paid Social + Creative offering 
Develop strong frameworks for building up Seer’s Paid Social Book of Business within the current client portfolio and within new and developing industries and channels 
Build strong, lasting relationships with your clients using Seer's values as your compass. You treat each touchpoint as an opportunity to build depth in your relationship while demonstrating your impact and value on their bottom line. You’re the tried-and-true business partner client's dream of; positioning your team as an extension of theirs, taking their wins/losses as your own 
From cross-selling to up-selling, you will play a key role in growing divisional revenue; driving success for current clients, future clients, and as a result, Seer too! You’ll work closely with our business development team to identify, qualify and close projects 
Create and maintain scalable processes that support our transformation towards big data and holistic strategy in social- driving buy-in and excitement across our Paid Social division 
Forecast changes in our industry and develop specific business requirements to ensure future competitive advantages that aim to position Seer as a thought leader in the industry 
 The skills you'll bring to the table... 
You've managed Paid Social campaigns across a wide range of engine & management platforms and are no newbie to the world of automation. You know when & where to get your team’s precious time back using big data, automation, and machine learning 
You have experience in “emerging channels” like TikTok and Snapchat and pitching full-funnel strategies incorporating creative, data, and measurement. 
Paid Social may be your thing, but you know it takes a data-driven, holistic approach to drive success for your clients. You're all about channel integration and leveraging data from Creative, SEO and Analytics to build smarter Paid strategies 
Your passion for people and ‘team’ is unprecedented. You love shaping the development of more junior team members, understanding their goals and guiding them towards new growth opportunities. You’re no newbie to managing teams and are comfortable with 4+ direct reports 
You may have been a teacher in a past life, or maybe you currently coach on the weekends: you are skilled at developing and recognizing talent. Whether it's coaching up a green team member or providing recognition to celebrate the success of your team, these are leadership attributes you practice on the regular 
You thrive on a challenge- rolling up your sleeves to take risks with innovation and testing; you’ve got hands-on experience running campaigns and it’s made you the leader you are today 
You know the world of Paid Social changes fast and it excites you! You're all over emerging trends, tools, tech, and data sets. You see the future of Machine Learning and AI in Paid Social. You bring fresh ideas to the table and fearlessly run alongside industry changes. You're quick to kick up a new opportunity and run with it; making data-driven, actionable recommendations to drive value for your clients 
Your passion for Paid Social stretches beyond reading industry blogs, articles, and case studies. You use your knowledge to elevate your team, clients, and industry peers- through 1:1s, Lunch 'n Learns, webinars, blogs, case studies, and speaking engagements 
You're savvy with Excel, Google Suite, data viz tools, and you have an A+ in data literacy. You understand data sources and constructs, the basics of SQL, and more! Most importantly, you know when there's an opportunity at your fingertips and are quick to loop-in the resident Data Analyst & Engineer to make it a reality 
You have an eye for great talent- finding them, keeping them, and growing them 
Not ready to apply but want to keep in touch?  Stay connected via our monthly Career Update newsletter!  We'll share curated content on Seer, open roles, industry insights, career advice, events you don't want to miss, and more (so you never miss a beat). 
Sometimes the best opportunities are hidden by self-doubt. We disqualify ourselves before we have the opportunity to be considered. Regardless of where you came from, how you identify, or the path that led you here- you are welcome. If you read this job description with a belly full of excitement, we’re just as excited about you. You have to apply though :) 
#LI-Remote SEER Interactive 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Warehouse Lead jobs in Remote Jobs at Seer Interactive in Remote Warehouse Lead salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Seer Interactive Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
