
 
 
 
 Technical Lead (Remote) - Dallas, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Lead (Remote) Stefanini, Inc 298 reviews Dallas, TX Remote $130,000 - $145,000 a year  -   Full-time Stefanini, Inc 298 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $130,000 - $145,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Stefanini Group  is hiring! 
Looking for a  Technical Lead (Remote) ! 
Open to W2 candidates only! 
Do you want to be a part of a highly innovative, digitally transformative team and work on cutting edge, state of the art technologies? If yes, then this is for you! Exciting opportunity awaits, let us help you get started. 
For interested applicants, click the apply button or you may  call:  (248) 936-0654  / email: Shiela.Paulino@stefanini.com   for faster processing. Thank you. 
Our Tech Leads are the go-to technical leaders for their Domain. 
They drive the delivery of technology and business capabilities by demonstrating application design and development leadership, including defining the solution architecture best suited for the business needs. 
The Tech Lead will lead the delivery of capabilities on platforms such as MS Azure and Google Cloud Platform, and will include a focus on Artificial Intelligence (AI) and automation in addition to leading the delivery of more traditional enterprise products (both on-prem and SaaS). 
Our Tech Leads have a commanding knowledge of business architecture and an understanding of business challenges. 
They provide expert advice to senior business leaders on technology direction, manage multi-year roadmaps, and creatively meet business needs with their solutions. 
 
 
 
 Minimum Year(s) of Experience:  6 
Minimum Degree Required:  High School Diploma or GED 
Degree Preferred:  Bachelor's degree 
Knowledge Preferred: 
Demonstrates intimate knowledge and/or a proven record of success in the following areas 
Deliver successful high risk IT projects; 
Deliver Initial Architecture Recommendation (IAR and Architecture & High Level Design); 
Align strategic business needs with the Assurance IT service delivery model; 
Engage with vendors and third parties on application technical architecture and design including oversight of vendor application development quality 
Contribute to the enterprise architecture to integrate processes and systems to maximize value and minimize impact associated with the change; 
Work with business leadership to understand and set enterprise architecture direction to realize Firm strategic initiatives; and, 
Contribute to the success of application development on technical trade-off decisions and recommendations. 
Skills Preferred: 
Demonstrates intimate abilities and/or a proven record of success in the following areas: 
Communicating and influencing skills both within the business and the IT community; 
Encouraging creativity and forward-thinking suggestions; and, 
Utilizing a wide range of technical areas with a thorough technical understanding that includes IT technology Standards, development standards and application technologies with a specific expertise in architecture and high level design and system development. Stefanini, Inc Internal 1 day ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Technical Lead jobs in Dallas, TX Jobs at Stefanini in Dallas, TX Technical Lead salaries in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Stefanini, Inc Stefanini, Inc 298 reviews A Stefanini (www.stefanini.com) é uma multinacional brasileira com 30 anos de atuação no mercado, que investe em um completo ecossistema ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
