
 
 
 
 Assistant Farm Manager, Fairchild Dairy Teaching and Research Center - Durham, NH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Farm Manager, Fairchild Dairy Teaching and Research Center University System of New Hampshire 21 reviews Durham, NH Full-time University System of New Hampshire 21 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Operating Title   Assistant Farm Manager, Fairchild Dairy Teaching and Research Center 
 
 Long Classification Title 
 
 Campus Location   Durham 
 
 Department   UNH COLSA Dean's Office - Life Science & Agriculture 
 
 Summary of Position 
 Under the direct supervision of the Manager of the Fairchild Dairy Teaching and Research Center the Assistant Manager will oversee and assure the milking, feeding and care for the dairy herd, help in the supervision of full time and student employees, work with researchers to set up and support their research, and work with instructors to support their teaching programs. The Assistant Manager will be responsible for AI, herd health, supervision of workers, and overseeing the full operations at the dairy when the Manager is unavailable. 
 
 Acceptable minimum level of education 
 
 Acceptable minimum years of experience 
 
 Additional Job Information 
 
 Posting Number   PS2597FY22 
 
 Other minimum qualifications 
 Associates Degree in Animal Science or closely related field. 3-5 years of progressively responsible experience working in a research dairy farm. Experience working with dairy cattle and machinery operation, repair, and maintenance. Expertise with artificial insemination and herd health issues. Supervisory skills to hire, train and retain student workers and lead farm workers. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Familiarity with research projects and ability to support and collaborate with faculty researchers. Knowledge of basic mechanics. Experience in using computers for animal and employee record keeping, payroll, and research information. Sufficient strength and physical dexterity to perform duties and responsibilities of this job including heavy work with exposure to inclement weather conditions for prolonged periods of time. Must be able to wear and use appropriate personal protection equipment as necessary. New Hampshire operator’s driver’s license. Ability to safely operate, program and maintain electronics on tractors and equipment, and to train other workers in their use. 
 
 Additional Preferred Qualifications 
 Bachelor’s Degree in Animal Science or related field. Advanced maintenance skills. 5 or more years of experience working in a dairy research farm. 
 
 Salary Information 
 Salary is complemented by a comprehensive benefits package which includes medical, dental, retirement, tuition, and paid time off. 
 
 Quicklink for Posting   https://jobs.usnh.edu/postings/42379 
 
 Percent Time Information (FTE)   1.00 
 
 Grade   14 
 
 EEO Statement 
 The University System of New Hampshire is an Equal Opportunity/Equal Access/Affirmative Action employer. The University System is committed to creating an environment that values and supports diversity and inclusiveness across our campus communities and encourages applications from qualified individuals who will help us achieve this mission. The University System prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, veteran status, or marital status, genetic information, and political orientation. Application by members of all underrepresented groups is encouraged. Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the U.S. 
 
 Institution Information 
 
 Posting Date   08/14/2021 
 
 Open Until Filled   Yes 
 
 Closing Date 
 
 Posting Open to Internal Candidates Only?   No 
 
 Interested Internal Candidates Exist?   No 
 
 Job Category   Hourly Staff (Non-Exempt) 
 
 Appointment Type   Regular 
 
 If TERM position provide projected end date 
 
 Equipment/Instruments 
 Mini Loader 5% 
Feeding equipment 10% 
Computers 5% 
Milking Equipment 20% 
 
 DOT Safety Information   None applicable University System of New Hampshire 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Farm Manager jobs in Durham, NH Farm Manager salaries in Durham, NH Company Info Follow Get job updates from University System of New Hampshire 21 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
