
 
 
 
 Lead Virtual Experience Analyst - Richland, WA 99352 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 information By using Indeed you agree to our new  Privacy Policy ,  Cookie Policy  and  Terms , which we encourage you to review. OK Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Lead Virtual Experience Analyst Gesa Credit Union 59 reviews Richland, WA 99352 Remote Full-time Gesa Credit Union 59 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Take a leap and join our team! 
At Gesa, we believe in the power of our people. Coming from all walks of life, our team members’ individual stories and unique experiences are our most valuable asset. But it’s how we come together, igniting our collective compassion and commitment to empowering our communities, that makes us succeed. Because we know we go further when we go together. 
Here you can join a team who is passionate about serving others, has a desire to do good, and shares a deep love of people. You can engage in meaningful work that impacts your community. You can challenge yourself and grow in your career. And, you can rest assured that your wellbeing and prosperity are our priority.
 Get to know us:  About - Gesa Credit Union 
Role Summary: 
The Lead Digital Experience Analyst will ensure the success of the department and the credit union by adhering to sales and service goals. This position is responsible for keeping up with the constantly evolving technology and service roadmap requiring professional and quality service to members and team members. This position has advanced to expert, wide-ranging job knowledge. This position has proven the ability to handle significant responsibilities in addition to having an understanding of Digital Support Specialist functions. This position acts as a resource for other team members, answering questions and handling escalations. This position also acts as a mentor, provides coaching, and conducts training. 
What You Will Be Doing:
 Support member-facing technology including but not limited to: Internet Banking, Mobile Banking, Bill Payment, P2P, FastCash, and AI. 
Work with internal departments to build and improve effective, engaging, and easy-to-use chatbot experiences. 
Review transcripts for phone IVR, chat, and email channels to identify gaps in conversation design and target improvements. 
Make real-time updates to content based on top contact reasons and trends. 
In collaboration with the member experience department, define the intent model for natural language understanding and how it maps into conversation design. 
Own and interpret AI performance metrics to hypothesize where design changes can be made and tested to drive specific goals. 
Provide timely, thorough and accurate responses to written inquiry via chat or email. 
Assist members via secure/unsecure email and chat channels in addition to second-level support via phone queues. 
Makes outbound calls/emails to existing members to retain and deepen relationships. 
Meets/exceeds department service level agreement expectations and individual KPIs. 
Assist with online business accounts enrollments, complex bill pay inquiries and make updates to access or permissions on behalf of the member. 
Researches and resolves problems independently or with moderate guidance from the Digital Manager or Digital Sales& Support Lead. 
Takes ownership of member concerns and provides prompt follow-up/resolution with a sense of urgency. 
Finds opportunities to offer additional credit union products, promotions, and services to members and promotes digital channels. 
Has advanced job knowledge, product & services offered, technical skills and identifies trends that hinder the member experience. 
Pulls and analyzes data to uncover member and team member needs. 
About You: 
Ability to organize, prioritize, and respond simultaneously to multiple tasks and requests. 
Effectively communicates ideas and information, both orally and in writing. 
Identifies trends or opportunities to escalate issues to the vendor proactively. 
Solve problems, locate, and correct errors, in an accurate manner, with a sense of urgency. 
Fosters the Credit Union’s culture with a high energy, positive attitude. 
Member centric with a friendly, professional demeanor. 
Excellent customer service and interpersonal skills. 
What You Will Need: 
Minimum of a high school diploma; some college course work preferred; degree highly desirable. 
Experience with data analysis, using user experience metrics to determine performance and identify areas for improvement. 
Demonstrate effective verbal, written and presentation skills to present data and make process/technology recommendations. 2+ years in a Credit Union or Financial institution. 
Proven expert level knowledge of digital platform. 
Solid knowledge of current technology, browsers, and devices. 
Our Team Member Value Proposition: 
In exchange for bringing your talent to Gesa, here are a just a few of the benefits and perks we offer: 
Competitive Pay 
Medical, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance
 Paid Time Off – Plus 10 Paid Holidays! 
401(k) Match 
Incentive Program 
Tuition Assistance and Student Loan Repayment 
Commuter Benefits 
Paid Time Off to Volunteer in the Community 
Product discounts 
Engaging Work Environment 
Rewards and Recognition Programs 
Get wise to what’s possible with a career at Gesa. Join us! 
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact the HR Department at  (509) 378-3100  or hrmail@gesa.com to request an accommodation. 
Gesa Credit Union reserves the right to revise or change the job description as the need arises. This job description is not all inclusive of total job responsibilities nor does it constitute a written or implied contract of employment. 
Selected candidate(s) must be able to pass a pre-employment drug screen which includes screening for all drugs considered illegal or controlled by the State of Washington, as well as, a credit/background check and a skills assessment. 
Gesa Credit Union is an Equal Opportunity Employer and strong advocate of workforce diversity. Race/Color/Gender/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Religion/National Origin/Disability/Veteran.
 https://www.gesa.com/pdfs/careers/eeo_policy_statement.pd GESA Credit Union 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Lead Analyst jobs in Richland, WA Jobs at Gesa Credit Union in Richland, WA Lead Analyst salaries in Richland, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Gesa Credit Union 59 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
