
 
 
 
 SCIENTIST I - Birmingham, AL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SCIENTIST I University of Alabama at Birmingham 688 reviews Birmingham, AL University of Alabama at Birmingham 688 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. This staff scientist will help integrate various image analysis tools into the current workflow for research image data analysis. They will improve the workflow by making the current tools better integrated and develop new programs or tools to facilitate the integration. They will participate in the data analysis in various collaboration projects to provide image analysis service as well consulting for study design. They will also help mentor trainees in research projects for image analysis and deep learning over imaging data. 
 
 Duties and Responsibilities 
 Develop image analysis tools and software and integrate them into the research data analysis pipeline for all imaging trials and projects 
 Develop novel and advanced methods to improve image quality and analysis efficiency 
 Develop advanced image analysis based on machine learning and AI methods 
 Prepare for manuscripts and grant proposals in research collaboration 
 Performs other duties as assigned 
 
 Preferred Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities 
 Expertise in image processing, enhancement and analysis with capability to develop software and programs in scientific computation over imaging research data 
 Advanced knowledge in medical imaging and physics, ability to develop customized software and image analysis algorithm
 Knowledge in machine learning and imaging informatics. 
 Experience in image reconstruction, correction, registration and segmentation preferred. 
 
 Annual Salary Range:  $63,125 - $103,700 
Qualifications 
 Doctor of Philosophy, D.V.M. or M.D. degree in a related field and two (2) years of related experience OR M.D. and Master's degree. OR Master's degree and four (4) years of related experience OR Bachelor's degree and six (6) years of related experience required. Work experience may NOT substitute for education requirement. 
 
Primary Location  University 
Job Category  Scientific Research 
Organization  311250000 Radiology Chair Office 
Employee Status  Regular 
Shift  Day/1st Shift University of Alabama at Birmingham 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Birmingham, AL Scientist salaries in Birmingham, AL Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Alabama at Birmingham University of Alabama at Birmingham 688 reviews The University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) is a public university in Birmingham in the U.S. state of Alabama. Developed from an academ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
