
 
 
 
 Fraud Risk Assessor - Northbrook, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Fraud Risk Assessor Allstate 8,380 reviews Northbrook, IL Remote $64,700 - $95,000 a year Allstate 8,380 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $64,700 - $95,000 a year Full Job Description The world isn’t standing still, and neither is Allstate. We’re moving quickly, looking across our businesses and brands and taking bold steps to better serve customers’ evolving needs. That’s why now is an exciting time to join our team. You’ll have opportunities to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good. 
You’ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards – a place where values such as integrity, inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount. We empower every employee to lead, drive change and give back where they work and live. Our people are our greatest strength, and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities. 
Everything we do at Allstate is driven by a shared purpose: to protect people from life’s uncertainties so they can realize their hopes and dreams. For more than 89 years we’ve thrived by staying a step ahead of whatever’s coming next – to give customers peace of mind no matter what changes they face. We acted with conviction to advocate for seat belts, air bags and graduated driving laws. We help give survivors of domestic violence a voice through financial empowerment. We’ve been an industry leader in pricing sophistication, telematics, digital photo claims and, more recently, device and identity protection. We are the Good Hands. We don’t follow the trends. We set them. 
About D3 
Data, Discovery, and Decision Science (D3) is the enterprise data and analytics organization at Allstate. We are solving some of today’s most complicated analytics problems, making the lives of our Allstate colleagues easier and more productive, and driving our mission to deliver perfect protection solutions to our customers. We are avid about learning new ways to get the most value from our massive data resources. As a D3 employee, you will get 10% of your time to innovate, learn, collaborate, and teach. We are partnering to incorporate analytics into every aspect of the enterprise. Developing ourselves and others is key to our success. 
The Fraud Center of Excellence (FCOE) team within D3 brings a collective lens to Allstate’s fraud fighting efforts – working with business areas to implement universal solutions using data science, artificial intelligence, and industry insights. The FCOE: 
 Provides governance and oversight (e.g., policies and standards) Conducts risk assessments (second line oversight) Manages the enterprise fraud portfolio Designs and delivers enterprise fraud prevention capabilities Designs and delivers fraud insights 
Job Description 
This role is on the FCOE Fraud Framework team supporting Fraud Risk and Control Assessments and Monitoring. This team has an enterprise-wide view of the fraud risk for Allstate’s Family of Companies, owns and enforces the Enterprise Fraud Policy and Standards, provides the structures for making risk and return decisions, and offers fraud risk guidance and advisory services. 
An integral component of the FCOE’s mission is to identify fraud risks across the enterprise, mature and elevate the transparency of fraud risks and controls across the enterprise, and drive prioritization of enterprise fraud risk capabilities/solutions. To accomplish this, the FCOE Fraud Framework team completes Fraud Risk and Control Assessments (FRCA) to determine fraud risk exposures using sound judgment and assumptions. Recommendations from FRCAs are then communicated and coordinated with stakeholders within the business areas and enterprise-wide within the Allstate Family of Companies so that they can accept, manage, and remediate these risks. This role is looking for a seasoned, experienced professional to join a growing team. 
Key Responsibilities
 Deepens understanding of enterprise-wide view of fraud risks, mature and elevate the transparency of fraud risks and controls across Allstate’s Family of Companies Lead, facilitate, and accelerate the FRCA assessment execution on particular business area within the Allstate Family of Companies, and support FRCA self-assessments to drive risk-based fraud roadmaps, enterprise solutions, and prioritization Collaborate closely with the FCOE product managers, data scientists, and business analytics consultants within D3 to assess the fraud risks, exposures, and control environment and identify opportunities to improve the control environment and mitigate fraud risk Have exposure to work directly with senior leaders across the Allstate Family of Companies Provide proactive, real-time input for FRCA current year and outer year calendar planning Support implementation of the value quantification framework to assess the value of the FRCA and value of the mitigation efforts Assist in creation/maintenance of value quantification measurements Drive work on advancing/evolving Enterprise Fraud Policy and Standards, and what adherence to the standards entails Stand up and evolve risk and return decisioning framework for fraud risk (accept, remediate, avoid) decisions by the business areas Anticipate potential roadblocks to complete the FRCA, develop solutions, and escalate, where necessary Learn together, stay current, and develop awareness of potential fraud technology controls/solutions Review and provide feedback on the work performed by junior colleagues 
Job Qualifications 
Education and Experience 
 Bachelor’s degree and minimum 3 or more years relevant experience, applying a risk-based framework/approach 3 years of analytics/data reporting, assessment and Excel experience 2 years of insurance experience and business controls/fraud technology experience preferred 
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations 
 A Certified Fraud Examiner designation and/or interest in pursuing this designation is beneficial Operational risk certifications (RMA, PRMIA, GARP, ERMA, IMA, ISACA, etc.) not required, but encouraged 
Functional Skills 
 Independent (autonomous) worker with the ability to manage deliverables, prioritize effectively, meet deadlines, and deliver high quality work in a fast-paced environment Be comfortable navigating the grey, dealing with ambiguous projects Strategic thinking and ability to theme quickly while having attention to detail Has a curiosity/inquisitive/learning mindset Ability to fact-based challenge the status quo Strong communication skills, both written and verbal, to build rapport with stakeholders and articulate complex subjects in an easily digestible manner Ability to apply analytical skills and data reporting techniques to research, analyze, synthesize and integrate data/information Be resilient, adaptable, and nimble Consistently demonstrate a positive mindset/energy, flexibility, and strong interpersonal skills to work effectively in a team environment Beneficial to have Allstate business knowledge and experience with GRC solutions (e.g., Archer) Has a digital mindset and systems thinking, with the ability to translate between business and technology controls Knowledgeable/has awareness of potential fraud technology controls/solutions Experience in one of more Allstate products/processes along with the experience in identifying fraud risks Experience in implementing cost effective controls, which effectively balance all business goals 
Frequently cited statistics show that women and underrepresented groups apply to jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. We encourage you to break that statistic and to apply. No one ever meets 100% of the qualifications. We look forward to your application. 
Compensation Data 
Salary range is $64,700 to $95,000 salary comensurate with experience 
The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. 
Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. 
 As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. For a full description of Allstate’s benefits, visit allstate.jobs/benefits/ 
Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. 
Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. 
Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. 
For jobs in San Francisco, please click “here” for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. 
For jobs in Los Angeles, please click “here” for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. 
To view the “EEO is the Law” poster click “here”. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs 
To view the FMLA poster, click “here”. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint. 
It is the Company’s policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee’s ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race (include traits historically associated with race, including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment. Allstate 14 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Allstate in Northbrook, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Allstate Allstate 8,380 reviews Corporate Careers

Allstate believes that loving your job is an important step in living a good life. That’s why creating a unique and ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
