
 
 
 
 Neuroscience Data Scientist - Los Altos, CA 94022 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Neuroscience Data Scientist Alto Neuroscience, Inc. Los Altos, CA 94022 Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Introduction 
 
Alto Neuroscience is developing a new generation of precision therapeutics for the treatment of mental illnesses, based on a platform built on large-scale biomarker data, clinical outcomes and multi-modal longitudinal datasets. The team combines world-leading neuroscientists, engineers and business executives with a singular focus on transforming the diagnosis and treatment of mental illnesses. 
 
Currently, there is no objective way to diagnose psychiatric illness, nor to identify which treatment is best for an individual patient. Treatment selection is presently done by trial-and-error as there are no reliable blood tests nor objective brain measures, for example, that can inform these decisions. Alto is focused on addressing this need by developing new medications that are more effective by virtue of being personalized - whereby each person gets the right drug for their brain. Come join us on our mission to re-imagine and re-engineer the treatment of mental illnesses! 
 
Job Description 
 
We are looking for a motivated Neuroscience Data Scientist who is passionate about mental health. This person will work closely with a growing inter-disciplinary team of Physicians, Research scientists and Software developers to challenge the status quo and transform mental health via intelligent use of Artificial intelligence techniques. This position will oversee and perform analysis of large-scale multi-dimensional, multi-variate healthcare data including neurophysiology, behavior, wearable and clinical data. Specifically, this work will include the design and analysis of data to generate actionable patient insights that will aid in personalized treatment for mental health disorders. 
 
Roles and Responsibilities 
 
Prepare Data and Data pipelines for model development 
 Develop novel approaches for exploration, analysis and feature selection from large-scale multidimensional data that include neurophysiological data, behavioral, wearable and clinical/patient data 
 Build, train, test and deploy machine learning models 
 Develop visualization tools to interpret and communicate results 
 Work closely with software developers to integrate models into software products 
 Document code, results and details of the approaches in a thorough and systematic way in order to promote knowledge sharing and code re-use 
 Collaborate with other data scientists, SMEs to ideate and solve complex issues pertinent to data ingestion/curation, model performance, model generalization. 
 Skills and Qualifications 
 Master or PhD degree in Engineering, Neuroscience, Bioinformatics, or other quantitative fields with strong analysis and programming experience. 
 Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms 
 Experience with common data science toolkits and libraries, such as scikit-learn, Pandas, NumPy, SciPy, Matlab, etc. 
 Programming languages: Python 
 Working knowledge of Linux OS, SQL 
 2+ years of Python programming and product development experience 
 Great verbal and written skills 
 Be a team player while being able to work independently 
 Experience with EEG or wearables is a plus Alto Neuroscience, Inc. 13 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Los Altos, CA Jobs at Alto Neuroscience in Los Altos, CA Data Scientist salaries in Los Altos, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Alto Neuroscience, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
