
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning Engineer Senior - Shelton, CT 06484 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning Engineer Senior LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,676 reviews Shelton, CT 06484 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,676 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company The Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems (RMS) Artificial Intelligence (AI) team is seeking motivated engineers with a strong background in software engineering, DevOps, artificial intelligence and machine learning to support the RMS AI team and product portfolio.
 
 
The RMS AI Engineering & Technology team is passionate about a broad range of projects from research & development to prototype development, culminating in deployment of our products to customers. We are on the cutting edge, inserting AI into defense systems, delivered through our AI Software Factory. This role will get an outstanding mix with research, prototype development, and software to hardware toolchain development all within the domain of AI / ML programs.
 
 
The RMS AI team has an immediate opportunity for a multifaceted, hardworking, motivated engineer who wants to join our team. If you have an interest and passion for making AI / ML, this role is for you! At Lockheed Martin, we are driven by innovation and integrity, and we are excited to bring cutting edge technology to our customers & their missions.
 
 
This role is responsible for the development of technologies and products that leverage artificial intelligence and machine learning to provide discriminating capability to our customers. This requires engagement in every phase of the system development lifecycle including: requirements generation, system and software design, implementation, integration & test, and verification & validation. Activities will range from low TRL research, development of prototypes, building demos, and transitioning to production.
 
 
This role is expected to utilize current AI paradigms, algorithms, and models (e.g. deep learning, reinforcement learning, computer vision); applying these techniques in relevant domains to tackle sophisticated problems and create innovative solutions. This also requires a candidate to maintain awareness of emerging analytics, AI / ML, and domain-specific technologies. This role will be expected to assume technical lead responsibilities & lead teams, ensure standard methodologies, take ownership of critical tasks, and mentor junior engineers. This role may be based at any RMS site, or remotely via telecommuting depending on program needs. 
 
This job is aligned with our 21st Century Warfare (21CWFAIA) initiative to help the U.S. and its allies leverage emerging technologies to deter threats to economic prosperity and national security. 
 
In addition to the responsibilities highlighted above we offer extensive benefits to include competitive 401k and insurance. We remain an equal opportunity company. 
 Basic Qualifications: 
Experience with AI/ML domain programming languages (e.g. Python, C++, Java, GO, MatLab) 
Experience developing and deploying AI/ML models, and a knowledge of machine learning frameworks and deep learning toolsets (e.g. SciKit-learn, TensorFlow PyTorch, Caffe, Keras) 
DevOps experience including CI/CD pipelines to build, test, deploy
 
Experience developing applications on Linux 
Experience with network/messaging (UDP, ZeroMQ, RESTful API, etc.) 
Experience interfacing with databases (SQL, MongoDB, etc.) 
Familiarity with high-performance computing
 
Experience with one or more of the AI disciplines (e.g. Natural Language Processing, Anomaly Detection, Markov Chain and Monte Carlo (MCMC) Methods, Machine Learning, Predictive Modeling, Statistical Analysis and Hypothesis Testing) 
Strong problem solving mindset: ability to develop create solutions to difficult problems often requiring integration of conflicting and, at times, ambiguous or incomplete data on a fast-paced schedule 
Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate complex design information, technical decision and issues to both highly technical and non-technical peers 
Ability to build and maintain relationships, collaborate with others, engage in constructive conflict, and manage interpersonal dynamics 
Comfortable working in a fast paced and dynamic multi-disciplinary environment 
Experience with software planning and execution throughout the requirements, development, design, build, test, and integration phases of a program & familiarity with transitioning prototype software to production, including rapid software prototyping experience to create minimal viable products for evaluation of options 
 Desired Skills: 
Technical lead or leadership experience in software development, AI / ML 
Familiarity with transitioning prototype software to production 
Familiarity with an area of AI & domain expertise 
Experience with high-performance computing 
 BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 
job.Qualifications 
 
 Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. 
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about. 
 
As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. 
 EXPERIENCE LEVEL: 
Experienced Professional Lockheed Martin Corporation Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Shelton, CT Jobs at LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION in Shelton, CT Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Shelton, CT Company Info Follow Get job updates from LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,676 reviews The F-35, PAC-3, and the GOES weather satellite...

What do all of these technologies have in common, you might ask?

Talented people... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
