
 
 
 
 LEAD COUNSELOR - HS - Houston, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search LEAD COUNSELOR - HS Spring Independent School District 115 reviews Houston, TX Spring Independent School District 115 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. REPORTS TO:  Campus Principal 
 
 WAGE/HOUR STATUS:  Exempt 
 
 PAY GRADE:  AI 2 
 
 DAYS : 219 
 
MINIMUM: $68,735 
 
 
 PRIMARY PURPOSE :
 
 
The High School Lead Counselor provides leadership within the counseling staff and acts as a liaison between and among the counseling department, the principal and the instructional staff. 
 
The High School Lead Counselor must act with integrity, support organizational goals, demonstrate the ability to inspire, grow and motivate others, utilize feedback, drive for results and commit to championing the needs of the students, employees and overall District. 
 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 Required: 
 Master’s degree in guidance counseling from an accredited college or university 
 Valid Texas counseling certificate. 
 Three years as a guidance counselor 
 
 
 Preferred: 
 Six years as a guidance counselor 
 
 
 SPECIAL KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS: 
 Advanced knowledge of counseling procedures, student appraisal, and career development 
 Excellent organizational, communication, and interpersonal skills 
 Ability to instruct students and manager their behavior 
 
 
 
 MAJOR REPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES: 
 Coordinates with Program Director for Student Services to achieve district objectives and meet district, state and national regulations. 
 
 Organizes the activities of the counseling department. 
Conducts regular meetings with the counseling department staff. 
 Represents the principal in counseling department meetings interpreting the school handbook, policies and procedures. 
 Meets with the principal to review and coordinate counseling with instructional programs and school activities. 
 Designs departmental procedures to comply with District and building policies and procedures. 
 Assumes responsibility for budgeting, ordering and taking inventory of departmental materials, supplies and equipment. 
 
 Coordinates the programs and services of the Counseling Department. 
Plans, implements and supervises an effective academic, vocational and personal/social guidance and counseling programs. 
 Coordinates the standardized testing program with other campuses 
 Supervises student scheduling and grade reporting. 
 Provides summaries of school standardized and TAAS testing results for the building principal and the High School Associate Principal for Instruction. 
 Supervises the accumulation of credits for courses taken and shares with the appropriate counselor the responsibility or recommending to the principal those students who have met course requirements and prepare data for publication 
 Supervises the scholarship program. 
 Plans, develops and implements programs for parent and student information. 
 Devises and maintains a system for monitoring student dropouts and postgraduates. 
 Serves as a manger of student intervention system 
 
 Coordinates the work of the Counseling Staff. 
Regards department members as professionals and motivates them to perform to the best of their abilities by accepting their input, acknowledging their accomplishments, respecting their expertise and allowing them to determine as much as possible their own activities. 
 Works with new counselors to orient and support them and provides assistance to all counselors in the department. 
 Makes recommendations to the principal and the Director for Student Services for professional leave and other professional growth opportunities and staff development. 
 Supervises the computer clerk, counselors’ secretary, registrar and technicians. 
 Assigns student aide grades with input from other counselors and staff. 
 
 Complies with the position description for the school Counselor. 
 
 Performs additional appropriate duties as assigned. 
 WORKING CONDITIONS:
 
 
The usual and customary methods of performing the job’s functions require the following physical demands: physical mobility, standing, prolonged sitting, some lifting, carrying, pushing, and/or pulling. This position will also require both traveling within the district and state wide. Mental demands: Ability to solve problems and deal with a variety of situations; ability to interpret a variety of data; ability to interpret TEC and policy; ability to apply knowledge of current research and theory, ability to be effective in both oral and written communication; ability to maintain emotional control under stress. 
 
 
The foregoing statements describe the general purpose and responsibilities assigned to this job and are not an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and duties that may be assigned or skills that may be required. 
 
 
 
 0 
 
Email To A Friend 
Print Version 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Postings current as of 9/16/2021 12:52:57 AM CST. 
 
 FMLA regulations require all employers to post the updated FMLA notice. 
 
 
 Powered by applicant tracking, a product of Frontline Education. Spring Independent School District Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Lead Counselor jobs in Houston, TX Jobs at Spring Independent School District in Houston, TX Lead Counselor salaries in Houston, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Spring Independent School District 115 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
