
 
 
 
 Director of Data Analytics & Data Engineering - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director of Data Analytics & Data Engineering Tegus Remote Remote Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Tegus is the leading market intelligence platform for key decision makers. We power some of the world’s most well-respected institutional investors, corporations, and consultancies through the largest and most comprehensive database of primary and market information. Our products and services enable clients to discover unmatched insights and answers to the most challenging questions they face to help them make better informed decisions. 
As a maturing startup business, we need to build out a data platform and analytics function to enable business decision making and longer-term machine learning solutions. Tegus needs a founding leader for this data analytics and engineering department. The role will include scoping out the full business need and building a team of both data engineers and data analysts to put in place a full solution. This team will support departments across the entire company including product, operations, marketing and sales. 
 Responsibilities 
Build the end-to-end data capability including metric definitions, data models, data platform and analytics tooling. 
Recruit, motivate, mentor and lead elite analytics and data engineering team members. 
Democratize data-driven decision making by arming all departments with the education, guidance, and tools needed to turn data into information and deploy it to maximize their impact. 
Partner with all departments across the company to understand their data analytics, reporting and eventually AI/ML needs and create data solutions to support them. 
Drive data security in compliance with required legal and regulatory policy. 
Keep pace with the changing business environment, technology and data innovation in order to optimize data value. 
Hold your teams accountable for consistent, timely delivery. 
 Qualifications 
You have successfully led analytics and/or data engineering teams with a focus on career growth, psychological safety and performance. 
You have deep hands-on experience with enterprise data platforms/warehouses such as Snowflake, Redshift, EMR, Hive or Presto, either as a data engineer, data scientist or analyst. 
You have experience with modern analytics/reporting tools such as Looker, Tableau, Metabase, Domo or Superset. 
You know how to put in place reliable, consistent, accurate data that can be used for decision making across the company. 
You have experience building processes and driving alignment across multiple departments, stakeholders, customers, and team members. 
You value and have experience building and managing a diverse and inclusive team environment with strong commitment to respect, equality, collaboration and teaming. 
You are highly organized. With many people doing many things in a dynamic company, strong organizational skills—both for yourself and for the team—will be required. 
 Benefits & Perks 
Remote-friendly - work wherever you're most productive (Note: this position is not currently open to Colorado residents) 
Competitive compensation (salary, bonus, options) and 401k with matching 
Comprehensive medical and dental plans, plus long-term disability 
Unlimited paid vacation and flexible work hours 
Generous paid parental leave for both moms and dads 
The opportunity to get in on the ground floor of a thriving growth-stage company and make a big impact on our business 
And for candidates in Chicago: 
The option to work from a state of the art office in the heart of Chicago’s Loop featuring standing desks, mother rooms, gender neutral bathrooms and full amenity floor 
Subsidized gym access in new state of the art building 
Fantastic culture with regular virtual company-wide events, including cooking classes, yoga, meditation and more 
 Tegus, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status. In addition to federal law requirements, Tegus complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company operates. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training. Tegus expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status. Tegus 8 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Analytics jobs in Remote Jobs at Tegus in Remote Director of Analytics salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Tegus Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
