
 
 
 
 Senior Director - Banking Transformation - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Director - Banking Transformation Capgemini 8,320 reviews New York, NY Full-time Capgemini 8,320 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Senior Director - Banking Transformation 057365 
 Senior Director – Invent Banking 
 
 As the digital innovation, consulting, and transformation brand of the Capgemini Group, Capgemini Invent helps CxOs envision and build what’s next for their organizations. Located in more than 30 offices and 10 creative studios around the world, its 6,000+ strong team combines strategy, technology, data science, and creative design with deep industry expertise and insights, to develop new digital solutions and business models of the future. 
 Capgemini Invent is an integral part of Capgemini, a global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation. The Group is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of 300,000 + team members in over 44 countries. 
 THE ROLE 
 We are looking for a Senior Director to join the Invent Banking team. You will lead strategic engagements that define and design major transformations for our clients, and you will manage and expand relationships between Invent and our clients. In Business Development, you will partner with accomplished Invent executives to shape new opportunities and close new deals. You will play a critical role in our strategy practice, driving the growth of the practice, mentoring and leading some of the world’s best consultants, and continuously evolving and refining our service offerings and methodologies. 
 You will be member of a global innovation and strategy team, and exchange, align and interact with colleagues across the world regularly. 
 
 Our Requirements 
 An ideal candidate is motivated to deliver high-quality work to drive customer satisfaction. This person uses their intellect, insight, and ability to build creative solutions with clients and colleagues while embracing a collaborative mindset. Key qualifications include: 
 Has a graduate degree and an MBA; or equivalent experience demonstrating a solid understanding of strategy and commercial concepts & relationships. 
 Has a minimum of 10 years’ experience working, including in a top Management Consulting firm with focus on Strategy, Operations, Innovation or Technology with demonstrated impact. 
 Has subject matter expertise in a financial services space 
 Has product management, change management and agile operating model experience 
 Demonstrates ability to drive blended teams of management consultants, experience designers, technology, data strategists, and implementation specialists to deliver according to plan (scope, quality and time). 
 Mentor and coach others to deliver quality results and promote others' professional development. 
 Contributes to the design of new digital capabilities, business processes, organizational designs, governance structures and measurement programs required to execute future state experiences and digital customer engagement strategies. 
 Simplifies and brings clarity to challenging situations, models and issues to create structured actions 
 Excellent communication and organizational skills 
 Ability to develop client relationships, identify and qualify sales opportunities 
 Works well in a fast-growing environment with the ability to deliver on time 
 Exhibits a strong ability to handle multiple demands with a sense of urgency, drive, and energy 
 Highly structured and conceptual mindset coupled with strong quantitative and analytical problem-solving aptitude 
 Exceptional interpersonal and collaboration skills within a team environment 
 Should have significant experience leading diverse, cross-functional teams and managing senior client relationships 
 Candidate should have proven the ability to inspire and motivate teams through strong leadership
 Should be self-propelled by restless curiosity, fascinated with changing the world, comfortable with change and ambiguity, and be able to move seamlessly from high altitude thinking to the tangible and practical. 
 Core consulting skills are imperative. Knowing Management Consulting and client management inside out, including meeting and workshop development and management, deck writing, storyboarding, inductive/ deductive reasoning, client interviewing, issue analysis, data analysis, process design, change management 
 Have a well-honed strategic and analytic mindset, and experience in synthesizing and translating complex strategic concepts into compelling messages and stories; knowledge of quantitative and qualitative methods for developing compelling customer insights 
 Should have an intuitive ability for connecting with people from various, diverse backgrounds, and build alliances and partnerships that produce results. 
 
 Your Responsibilities 
 Business Development 
  Drive proactive client proposals and RFP responses from initial brief to final presentations. 
  Develop client relationships to identify and qualify sales opportunities. 
  Proactively leverage personal business relationships to start conversations with new clients or buying centers. 
  Build network within the Capgemini group and educate other Business Units about the Life Sciences practice offerings to support sales. 
  Nurture relationships on existing accounts. 
 Project Delivery 
  Provide strategic oversight for, or manage, project execution from start-to-finish and drive teams to deliver according to plan (scope, quality, and time). 
  Collaborate with clients to define long-term vision, goals and strategies. 
  Simplify challenges, situations, and issues to create executable recommendations and actions. 
  Test and present insights and recommendations to senior management. 
  Lead consultants to deliver quality results for clients 
 Practice Development 
  Be a key member of the practice, visible and connected to the global Invent community
  Help to hire, integrate, coach, support and grow new team members. Provide leadership, mentoring, and coaching for the team. Build and manage a strong community. 
  Develop innovative assets, including differentiated points of view, thought leadership, and methodologies. 
  Strong executive presence and entrepreneurial spirit 
  Superb leadership and team building skills with ability to build consensus and achieve goals through collaboration rather than direct line authority 
  A positive, results oriented style, evidenced by listening, motivating, delegating, influencing, and monitoring the work being done 
  Ability to establish immediate credibility among his/her peers, a professional who is respected for his/her intelligence, leadership ability and technical expertise 
  An engaging/open interpersonal style complimented by the analytical pragmatism necessary to quickly dissect highly complex issues 
  Strong interpersonal/communication skills with the professional staff, senior level executives, and the business community at large 
  Demonstrates an ability and willingness to partner internally and externally to achieve appropriate objectives for clients and for Capgemini NA Invent 
  Be a key member of Capgemini Invent, visible and connected to the global Innovation and Strategy community of practice. 
  Help to hire, integrate, coach, support and grow new team members. Provide leadership, mentoring, and coaching for the team. Build and manage a strong community. 
  Develop innovative assets, including differentiated points of view, thought leadership, and methodologies. 
 
 The Invent Banking Team 
  Invent Banking Practice is the consulting practice dedicated to helping CEOs and senior executives in transforming their financial services business and address their most critical strategic business, operations, technology and data challenges. 
About Your Career 
 Our growth ambition and collaborative work approach with clients combine to create a business culture that allows new consultants to dive right in and become an integral part of the team. The entrepreneurial working style and size of our practice will enable you to create a name for yourself, shine early on, and have a significant impact on our clients and our company. 
 We offer countless opportunities to learn, grow, and develop both your business technology expertise and your leadership capabilities. Please visit our website at: capgemini.com/service/invent/ for more information about Capgemini Invent. 
 
 About Capgemini Invent 
 As the innovation and transformation powerhouse of the Capgemini Group, Capgemini Invent helps CxOs navigate today while plotting a course for the future. Located in offices and creative studios around the world, including brands like frog, Cambridge Consultants, Synapse and Purpose, its 9,000+ strong team combines strategy, technology, data science and creative design with deep industry expertise and insights. We invent futures that are relevant, resilient, and sustainable for society, for businesses and the customers they serve. 
 Capgemini Invent is an integral part of Capgemini, a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. The Group is guided everyday by its purpose of unleashing human energy through technology for an inclusive and sustainable future. It is a responsible and diverse organization of 270,000 team members in nearly 50 countries. With its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry expertise, Capgemini is trusted by its clients to address the entire breadth of their business needs, from strategy and design to operations, fueled by the fast evolving and innovative world of cloud, data, AI, connectivity, software, digital engineering and platforms. 
 Get The Future You Want 
 Visit us at www.capgemini.com/invent 
 
 Equal Opportunity 
 Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. 
 
 This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. 
 
 Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant: http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law 
 
Schedule  Full-time 
Primary Location  US-NY-New York 
Organization  INVENT PEOPLE Capgemini Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Director jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Capgemini in New York, NY Senior Director salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,320 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
