
 
 
 
 Sr Dir Product Management - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr Dir Product Management WarnerMedia 426 reviews New York, NY Full-time WarnerMedia 426 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Overview 
WarnerMedia is a powerful portfolio of iconic entertainment, news, and sports brands. We bring people, technology, and the world’s best storytellers together to drive culture and meaningful connection. We believe the enduring power of stories can open our eyes to the world, to each other, and to new and different perspectives. 
Join us. Shape your story here. 
Primary Responsibilities 
Define, evolve data products vision, strategy, and roadmap for HBO Max business and operational decision making. 
Collaborate cross-functionally to guide AI/ML and Data products/features from conception to launch by connecting business and technical worlds. 
Experiment, measure business performance of new data products and iterate quickly. 
Engage and manage all stakeholder requirements, timelines and release schedules for data products. Maintain and groom product backlog to align with evolving HBO Max business priorities. 
Develop content metadata strategy and roadmap in alignment with HBO Max business priorities. Collaborate with stakeholders to understand and address their content metadata needs, timelines and establish requirements for technology partners to implement. 
Develop AI/ML platform and ML Ops capabilities roadmap to enable scale, expand scope and assimilate learning. 
Collaborate with HBO Max Growth and Product teams to establish primary measures of user goals and business success outcomes. Map these primary metrics/predictors to a set of granular metrics across AI/ML outputs or develop/curate new metrics in collaboration with various teams. 
Have a clear pulse on innovations across the broader data and AI community and help us identify new opportunities. 
Preferred Qualifications 
12+ years of experience in data analytics, engineering, data science and ML 
Ability to achieve strategic goals and evolve AI/ML, data product strategy based on stakeholder inputs, data and industry trends in a fast-growth business. 
Experience in building and launching large scale AI/ML and data driven features, products, platforms and infrastructure at scale. 
Experience building new AI/ML technologies and developer tools 
Experience with managing day-to-day technical and design direction for large scale systems. 
Experience in one or more of the latest and emerging technologies: Big Data systems and architecture, Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning, Cloud technologies (AWS), security and privacy, experimentation, data/applied science. 
Excellent interpersonal, communication skills and ability to understand, empathize and address stakeholder needs. 
Experience and knowledge of multiple functional areas across business and technology such as product management, Engineering, UX, Sales, Strategy, Marketing, Customer Support, Finance. 
The Perks 
Exclusive WarnerMedia events and advance screenings 
Paid time off every year to volunteer for eligible employees 
Access to well-being tools, resources, and freebies 
Access to in-house learning and development resources 
Part of the WarnerMedia family of powerhouse brands 
Warner Media, LLC and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers. Qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, mental or physical disability, and genetic information, marital status, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status or any other category protected by law. WarnerMedia 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Director of Product Management jobs in New York, NY Jobs at WarnerMedia in New York, NY Senior Director of Product Management salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from WarnerMedia WarnerMedia 426 reviews WarnerMedia is a powerful portfolio of iconic entertainment, news, and sports brands. We bring people, technology, and the world’s best s... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
