
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Phoenix, AZ 85018 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer Intel 5,494 reviews Phoenix, AZ 85018 Full-time Intel 5,494 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
Advanced Design and Technology Solutions (ADTS) in Assembly and Test Technology Development (ATTD) is looking for an enthusiastic and experienced Software Engineer, to be part of the Design Tools Development team responsible to deliver layout and analysis design solutions for Intel Silicon, Package and Board designs. 
Our software engineers have the opportunity to touch the entire software ecosystem! 
In fact, by number of employees, we are one of the most influential software companies in the world. 
You'll be at forefront of everything from enhanced usability and security, to integrated software and hardware solutions, to seamless connectivity. 
We're looking for more software engineer leaders who can help us push computing capabilities even further. 
Those who are passionately motivated by seeing their advanced product design creations used by millions of end users. 
Responsibilities of this position include: 
Anticipating and solving emerging technology challenges in the IC/Package/Board design domain i.e., chiplet, die disaggregation, co-design flows, research and cross divisional initiatives to come up with innovative concepts, POC and final solutions in Intel Silicon, package and board design flows. 
A successful candidate should also exhibit the following behavioral traits: 
Taking on ambiguous problem domains applying innovative and structured problem solving to define software solutions. 
Working with One Intel mindset in cross divisional and cross cultural environments to deliver high quality results. 
Collaborating with external stakeholders such as CAD vendors to influence technical direction of design software tools and technologies to suit Intel needs. 
Leadership and influencing skills in leading software teams to deliver high quality results with predictable execution from concept through deployment. 
This is an entry level position and compensation will be given accordingly. 
Qualifications 
You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. 
Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum qualifications and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. 
Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your schoolwork and/or classes and/or research and/or relevant previous job and/or internship experiences. 
Minimum Qualifications 
Possess a master's degree with 6+ months of experience or PhD degree with 1+ years of experience in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering or related discipline. 
Must have the required degree or expect the required degree by May, 2022 
Preferred Qualifications 
6+ months of experience (master's) and 1+ years of experience (PhD) with one or more of the following: 
Software engineering’s/algorithms/data structures/web development with C, C++ 
Software breadth with including but not limited to programming experience in C/C++/AWS/AI/ML 
CAD layout and analysis tools such as Mentor Graphics. 
Data structure and algorithms related to computational geometry and CAD designs. 
Intel's IC/Package and Board Design flows/methodologies for Intel Product and Test Vehicle designs. 
Intel's Assembly/Test Manufacturing domain. 
System level IA based reference platforms/embedded software stack development/complex platform level debug and performance optimization. 
Agile methodologies such as Scaled Agile Framework (SAFE)/Product Owner/Scrum Master in Agile release trains. 
Inside this Business Group 
As the world's largest chip manufacturer, Intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state-of-the-art - from semiconductor process development and manufacturing, through yield improvement to packaging, final test and optimization, and world class Supply Chain and facilities support. Employees in the Technology and Manufacturing Group are part of a worldwide network of design, development, manufacturing, and assembly/test facilities, all focused on utilizing the power of Moore’s Law to bring smart, connected devices to every person on Earth 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel 13 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Phoenix, AZ Jobs at Intel in Phoenix, AZ Software Engineer salaries in Phoenix, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,494 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
