
 
 
 
 Technical Program Manager - Bellevue, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Program Manager Microsoft 7,110 reviews Bellevue, WA Microsoft 7,110 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Microsoft's mission is "to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more." Every day we work to help our customers and partners leverage the power of Microsoft’s solutions to achieve their digital transformation. 
Are you motivated, dedicated, passionate about delivering innovative business solutions? 
Are you naturally curious with a desire to learn, innovate and improve in a complex environment; continually analyzing and evolving team processes that balance agility, quality, and scale? 
Are you willing to learn from others and be open to new ideas? 
Our culture is inclusive, our team members come from diverse backgrounds and grounded in our customer needs. If this speaks to you, Microsoft would like to invite you to come join us as you are, where you can find more than just a job. Read on to learn more about opportunities and apply online! 
Interviews for the Program Manager roles will be conducted in partnership with Microsoft’s NSBE event. By applying to this role, you’ll be assessed for multiple, identical positions on several teams. 
Responsibilities 
A bachelor's or master's degree in engineering, computer science or related field and/or 2+ years related experience in relevant fields eg: engineering, business, marketing, information technology, operations, finance 
Two years of experience programming in C++, Java or other computer programming languages preferred 
Some experience building software beyond the classroom environment like an internship or related experience for customers strongly preferred 
Ability to work and build strong relationships with senior managers, leaders, partners and customers, including those in the c-suite 
The aptitude to engage a wide range of internal and external stakeholders; from end users to senior management/executives 
Display skills in planning and project management 
Demonstrated ability in discerning and addressing relevant challenges to delivery 
Must be able to work independently, handle multiple projects in a fast-paced environment, and negotiate and collaborate effectively 
Highly analytical - ability to understand business metrics, customer and market trends 
Ability to demonstrate understanding of computer science fundamentals that affect code implementation and customer experience 
Great communication, inter-personal, and cross group collaboration skills; the ability to build and deliver effective presentations 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: 
2+ years of professional experience in leading and delivering end to end customer solutions. 
3+ years program management or equivalent experience. 
Experience working on applications that involve Data Science, Machine Learning, or Artificial Intelligence. 
Cloud Background Screening Requirement:
 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Program Manager jobs in Bellevue, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Bellevue, WA Technical Program Manager salaries in Bellevue, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,110 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
