
 
 
 
 Software Design Technologist - Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 information By using Indeed you agree to our new  Privacy Policy ,  Cookie Policy  and  Terms , which we encourage you to review. OK Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Design Technologist Ford Motor Company 7,521 reviews Palo Alto, CA Ford Motor Company 7,521 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Palo Alto 
 Ford Motor Company 
 Product Development 
 Job Description & Qualifications 
 At Ford Motor Company, we believe freedom of movement drives human progress. We also believe in providing you with the freedom to define and realize your dreams. With our incredible plans for the future of mobility, we have a wide variety of opportunities for you to accelerate your career potential as you help us define tomorrow’s transportation. 
 
The Design Technology practice at D-Ford in Palo Alto is an inter-disciplinary practice where technology and product focused individuals are working together to enabling the creation of physical, software, data and AI prototypes towards the strategic priorities of Ford. 
 
As a Software Design Technologist, you understand software and associated technologies as your creative design medium, with a deep appreciation for the end user’s needs. In addition, you understand product, operating at the intersection of physical and digital. You bring to the team an iterative prototyping process and approach, building to understand what is desirable and feasible. 
Your methods will encourage teams to be creative with possible digital solutions and enable product and service testing with real users. You excel at encouraging the team by bringing possibilities to life by prototyping across a wide range of media and materials, helping your teams to problem-solve by getting tangible. 
 
What you’ll be able to do: 
Use code as your medium and you thrive in the conception, development and the deployment of applications that span from user experience applications to backend web services and everything in between 
Help teams iteratively bring to life product and service experiences through proofs of concept and at varying levels of fidelity, exploring tools and methods to learn and evolve concepts through digital and physical prototyping. 
Define and guide teams in standards for agile ways of working, stewarding exploration and delivery of concepts and prototypes along digital service delivery plans. 
Stay up to date emergent software frameworks, the emergent nature of Artificial Intelligence techniques among other technological possibilities and are looking for ways to advocate and push for experimentation by crafting prototypes 
Work within an inter-disciplinary construct comprising of diverse technically minded people, alongside design peers that span the medium of service design, interaction design, communication design, design research among others 
Work without constraints in exploring, evangelizing and adopting new creative, technology and engineering practices that push the community and the practice forward 
 
The minimum requirements we seek: 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field 
1+ years’ experience as an engineer, scientist, prototyper 
1+ years’ experience working in a creative and/or interdisciplinary culture in an academic or work environment 
 
Our preferred requirements:
 Master’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, or related field 
Experience of utilizing design thinking and/or human-centered design 
Track record of building and running great digital services that creatively work with existing systems and business models to meet user needs. 
Experience working across engineering and design teams. 
Prior experience in the automotive, mobility or transportation industry. 
 
What you’ll receive in return: 
As part of the Ford family, you’ll enjoy excellent compensation and a comprehensive benefits package that includes generous PTO, retirement, savings and stock investment plans, incentive compensation and much more. You’ll also experience exciting opportunities for professional and personal growth and recognition. 
 
If you have what it takes to help us redefine the future of mobility, we’d love to have you join us. 
Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is available for this position. 
 
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status. 
For information on Ford's salary and benefits, please visit: 
https://corporate.ford.com/content/dam/corporate/us/en-us/documents/careers/2021-benefits-and-comp-GSR-sal-plan-4.pdf 
 Auto req ID 
 51900BR 
 State 
 California
 Skill Team 
 Enterprise Product Line Management (EPLM)
 Sub-Component 
 D-Ford Ford Motor Company 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Design Technologist jobs in Palo Alto, CA Jobs at Ford Motor Company in Palo Alto, CA Design Technologist salaries in Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ford Motor Company Ford Motor Company 7,521 reviews Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) is a global company based in Dearborn, Michigan. The company designs, manufactures, markets and services a f... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
