
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist U.S. Army Test and Evaluation Command 77,671 reviews Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD $87,198 - $134,798 a year  -   Full-time U.S. Army Test and Evaluation Command 77,671 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $87,198 - $134,798 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 About the Position:  ATEC is participating in an alternative personnel system known as the Acquisition Workforce Demonstration Project. Among other features, the Demonstration Project replaced GS grade levels with occupational families and pay bands. The pay band NH-03 is equal to the former GS-12 step 01 through GS-13 step 10. 
 Responsibilities 
 Plan and conduct statistical data analytics to improve, develop and deploy business systems for the command. 
 Apply a broad range of data analyses, mathematics, statistical analysis, modeling/simulation, and apply data visualization techniques for presenting data to senior leaders of the command, to make informed decisions. 
 Use data analytic tools and languages such as R, Python, and Microsoft Power BI, as well as principles of Machine Learning. 
 Assists with implementation of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) concepts while analyzing the commands business data. 
 Advise senior leadership on new and improved data analyses strategies that will drive agency performance. 
 Travel Required 
 25% or less - You may be expected to travel for this position. 
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 3
 Job family (Series) 
 1501 General Mathematics And Statistics
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 Appointment may be subject to a suitability or fitness determination, as determined by a completed background investigation. 
 This position requires the incumbent to obtain and maintain a Secret Security Clearance. 
 This position has a Temporary Duty (TDY) or business travel requirement of 25% of the time. 
 Qualifications 
 Who May Apply:  Only applicants who meet one of the employment authority categories below are eligible to apply for this job. You will be asked to identify which category or categories you meet, and to provide documents which prove you meet the category or categories you selected. See Proof of Eligibility for an extensive list of document requirements for all employment authorities. 
 
Current Department of Army Civilian Employees 
Domestic Defense Industrial Base/Major Range and Test Facilities Base Civilian Personnel Workforce 
Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan 
Military Spouses, under Executive Order (E.O.) 13473 
Priority Placement Program, DoD Military Spouse Preference (MSP) Eligible 
Veterans Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA) of 1998 
 
In order to qualify, you must meet the education and/or experience requirements described below. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student; social). You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Your resume must clearly describe your relevant experience; if qualifying based on education, your transcripts will be required as part of your application. Additional information about transcripts is in this document. 
 
 Basic Education Requirement:  A Bachelor's degree in in mathematics, statistics, or actuarial science. My degree is in a major field of study (at least at the baccalaureate level) that is appropriate for the position. 
I have a combination of education and experience which includes courses equivalent to a major field of study as shown in paragraph A above, plus additional education or appropriate experience. 
 
 In addition to the Basic Educational Requirement above, you must also meet the requirements for the Specialized Experience. 
 
 Specialized Experience  is defined as one year experience that includes: 1) Analyzing research results and data using advanced statistical techniques to evaluate the application of computer programs in order to determine the desired selection, statistical computations, analyses; 2) Experience and ability to interface with and implement guidance from senior management and higher headquarters; 3). Engaging with organizations, Industry and Academia to conduct stakeholder analysis to ensure analytics projects support end-user requirements. 
 
You will be evaluated on the basis of your level of competency in the following areas: 
 
 Data Collection and Analysis 
Data Management 
Data Systems and Management 
IT Modeling and Simulation 
Partnering 
Research and Development 
 
.
 Education 
 FOREIGN EDUCATION:  If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program; or full credit has been given for the courses at a U.S. accredited college or university. For further information, visit: http://www.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ous/international/usnei/us/edlite-visitus-forrecog.html.
 Additional information 
 Male applicants born after December 31, 1959, must complete a Pre-Employment Certification Statement for Selective Service Registration. 
 You will be required to provide proof of U.S. Citizenship. 
 Two year trial/probationary period may be required. 
 Direct deposit of pay is required. 
 If you have retired from federal service and you are interested in employment as a reemployed annuitant, see the information in the Reemployed Annuitant information sheet. 
 This is a Career Program (CP) - 36 Data Scientist position. 
 You may claim military spouse preference (MSP). 
 If a MSP applicant is determined best qualified and selected, placement must be at the full performance level for priority consideration. 
 Multiple positions may be filled from this announcement. 
 Salary includes applicable locality pay or Local Market Supplement.. 
 If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application. 
 Payment of Permanent Change of Station (PCS) costs is not authorized, based on a determination that a PCS move is not in the Government interest. 
 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 Once the announcement has closed, a review of your application package (resume, supporting documents, and responses to the questionnaire) will be used to determine whether you meet the qualification requirements listed on this announcement. If you are minimally qualified, your résumé and supporting documentation will be compared against your responses to the assessment questionnaire to determine your level of experience. If, after reviewing your résumé and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and/or experience, you may lose consideration for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully when applying, errors or omissions may affect your eligibility. 
 
You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation. 
 
Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP). If you are a Federal employee in the competitive service and your agency has notified you in writing that you are a displaced employee eligible for ICTAP consideration, you may receive selection priority for this position. To receive selection priority, you must: (1) meet ICTAP eligibility criteria (2) be rated well-qualified for the position and; (3) submit the appropriate documentation to support your ICTAP eligibility. To be considered well-qualified and receive selection priority applicants must satisfy all qualification requirements for the position and receive a score of 90 or above. Additional information about the program is on OPM's Career Transition Resources website. 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Secret
 Drug test required 
 No
 Position sensitivity and risk 
 Moderate Risk (MR)
 Trust determination process 
 National security
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 The documents you are required to submit vary based on the authority you are using to apply (i.e., applying as a veteran, applying as a current permanent Federal employee, applying as a reinstatement, etc). Please review the following links to see which documents you need to provide to prove your eligibility to apply: Applicant Merit Checklist and Proof of Eligibility. 
 
As described above, your complete application includes your resume, your responses to the online questionnaire, and documents which prove your eligibility to apply.  If you fail to provide these documents, you will be marked as having an incomplete application package and you will not be considered any further. 
 
 
 1. Your resume: 
 
 Your resume may be submitted in any format and must support the specialized experience described in this announcement. 
 If your resume includes a photograph or other inappropriate material or content, it will not be used to make eligibility and qualification determinations and you may not be considered for this vacancy. 
 For qualifications determinations your resume must contain hours worked per week and the dates of employment (i.e., HRS per week and month/year to month/year or month/year to present). If your resume does not contain this information, your application may be marked as incomplete and you may not receive consideration for this position. 
 For additional information see: What to include in your resume. 
 2. Other supporting documents: 
 Cover Letter, optional 
 Most recent Performance Appraisal, if applicable 
 Proof of Eligibility to Apply:  Your application must include the documents which  prove you are eligible to apply  for the vacancy. The Proof of Eligibility document describes authorities commonly used in merit promotion recruitment and what document(s) are required to prove you meet the requirements of the authority. You must meet the requirements of at least one of the authorities listed in the  Who May Apply  section above to receive further consideration. 
 This position has an individual occupational requirement and/or allows for substitution of education for experience. If you meet this requirement based on education you MUST submit a copy of your transcript with your application package or you will be rated ineligible. See: Transcripts and Licenses 
 
 
NOTE: Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove another person's personal information before you submit your application. You may be asked to provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected to confirm your eligibility.
 If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
 Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
 Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 Review our benefits
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
 Federal employees who meet the definition of a "surplus" or "displaced" employee.
 Federal employees - Competitive service
 Current or former competitive service federal employees.
 Land & base management
 Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
 Military spouses
 Veterans
 Clarification from the agency 
 See "Who May Apply" in the "Qualifications" section for more information on who is eligible to apply for this position. usajobs.gov Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD Data Scientist salaries in Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from U.S. Army Test and Evaluation Command U.S. Army Test and Evaluation Command 77,671 reviews The Army is a key component of the U.S. Armed Forces, providing expeditionary land forces wherever and whenever they are required. Workin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
