
 
 
 
 Business Intelligence Engineer, Alexa AI Analytics - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Intelligence Engineer, Alexa AI Analytics Amazon.com Services LLC 74,776 reviews Remote Remote Full-time Amazon.com Services LLC 74,776 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor's degree or higher in a quantitative/technical field (e.g. Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering) 
 3+ years of relevant experience in one of the following areas: Business intelligence, data engineering, or business analytics 
 3+ years of hands-on experience in writing complex, highly-optimized SQL queries across large data sets 
 Experience working with enterprise reporting systems, data analytics. 
 Experience with Tableau, Matillion, and AWS services (Redshift, S3, AWS Glue, EMR, DynamoDB) - Knowledge of distributed systems as it pertains to data storage and computing 
 
We are looking for passionate Business Intelligence Engineer (BIE) to scale our spoken language understanding (SLU) analytics product suite. The product itself is internally built and own analytics software, specifically for analyzing automatic speech recognition (ASR) and natural language understanding (NLU) component and system performance. We are developing software to make analyzing baseline performance and identifying improvement areas easier for our Alexa teams.
 
The BIE will own optimizing the underlying SQL queries and ETLs so our software services can consume disparate and large data sources into our analytics suite. As a BIE leader within Alexa, we look to you for design, implementation, and successful delivery of large-scale, critical, and/or difficult data solutions involving a significant amount of work. You will be a part of a team of top technical professionals developing complex systems at scale and with a focus on sustained operational excellence. Where needed, you integrate your team’s data solutions with those owned by other teams. You influence your team’s technical and business strategy by making insightful contributions to team priorities and overall data approach. You take the lead in identifying and solving ambiguous problems, architecture deficiencies, or areas where your team's current queries, data models/structure, etc. slow the team down. You make data solutions simpler. We are looking for people who are motivated by thinking big, moving fast, and changing the way our internal users analyze information to drive Alexa customer engagement. If you love to implement solutions to hard problems while working hard, having fun, and making history, this may be the opportunity for you.
 
 The Business Intelligence Engineer: 
 
 Will build and optimize ETLs and their underlying SQL queries to efficiently, accurately, and with low-latency load data to our product suite for use by customers. 
 Will influence big data solutions/access to data set(s) in team architecture and will be solely responsible for the efficient, secure, and performant queries underlying our analytics suite. As such, attention to detail, data integrity, and strong analytical skills (i.e., understanding business implications of what the data says) are required. 
 Has knowledge of engineering and operational excellence best practices. Can make enhancements that improve data processes (e.g., data auditing solutions, management of manually maintained tables, automating, ad-hoc or manual operation steps). 
 Understands how to make appropriate data trade-offs. Can balance customer requirements with technology requirements. Knows when to re-use code. Is judicious about introducing dependencies. 
 Delivers pragmatic solutions. You do things with the proper level of complexity the first time (or at least minimize incidental complexity). 
 Understands how to be efficient with resource usage (e.g., system hardware, data storage, query optimization, AWS infrastructure etc.) 
 Will write code that a Data Engineer or Software Development Engineer unfamiliar with the system can understand. - Communicates proposals and results in a clear manner backed by data and coupled with actionable conclusions to drive business decisions 
 Will thrive in an agile, iterative environment where collaboration with Product Managers, Data Engineers, and Software Development Engineers is crucial for delivering the right information to our customers. 
 Should have demonstrated success in an environment which offers ambiguously defined problems, big challenges, and quick changes. 
 
Job responsibilities
 
 Participate in bi-weekly scrums, executing a mix of tickets focused on long-term product building (e.g., dashboards built in QuigkSight, Tableau, etc.) and short-term (ad hoc) analytics requests (e.g., execute SQL to answer an ad hoc business question) 
 Work with product managers to define technical requirements for delivering Alexa analytics products like root cause of failure, attribution of error, time series, etc. analyses 
 Troubleshoot & monitor big data -- data pipelines, ensuring data bases and customer-facing analytics products are populated with full and reliable data 
 Implement and maintain big data operational excellence best practices (alarming, scaling, etc.) 
 Execute data backfills (i.e., replacing look back data if new ML model metrics are produced) 
 Support VP-level Weekly Business Reviews (WBRs) in terms of slide creation and supporting deep dives for why KPIs changed week over week, month over month, etc. 
 Sharing your expertise to improve the team's data models, data pipelines, querying, and more! 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 
Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records
 
 
 Master’s degree in a quantitative/technical field (e.g. Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering) 
 Has knowledge of recent advances in distributed systems (e.g. MapReduce, MPP architectures, and NoSQL databases). You are proficient in a broad range of data design approaches and know when it is appropriate to use them (and when it is not). 
 Demonstrable experience in scripting languages (Python, Perl, Ruby) and Excel 
 Demonstrated strength in data modeling, ETL development, and Data warehousing 
 Experience working as an Analytics Engineer or Data Scientist working with cross functional teams. 
 
 Amazon.com 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Developer jobs in Remote Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Remote Business Intelligence Developer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 74,776 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
