
 
 
 
 Manager II Operations, Test and Repair - North Reading, MA 01864 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 information By using Indeed you agree to our new  Privacy Policy ,  Cookie Policy  and  Terms , which we encourage you to review. OK Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager II Operations, Test and Repair Amazon.com Services LLC 74,776 reviews North Reading, MA 01864 Full-time Amazon.com Services LLC 74,776 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Business Management or related field. 
 5+ years management in manufacturing operations. 
 Proactive problem-solving ability and excellent attention to detail. 
 Demonstrated strength in areas of communication, planning and organizational skills. 
 Proficiency with Word, Excel, and Power Point. 
 
Are you inspired by invention? Is problem solving through teamwork in your DNA? We apply advances in robotics and software to solve real-world problems that delight our customers' experiences in ways we can't even imagine yet.
 Amazon Robotics is located in the greater Boston area, the epicenter of robotics innovation. Our diverse team of engineers come from all over the world to design, test and build our dynamic fleet of robots and mechatronic systems. Having our offices, labs, test floors and factories all co-located means that we can design the hardware, write the code, test, build and watch it all come to life. This allows us to innovate quickly and on limitless ideas. Current advancements are underway in autonomous movement and mobility, artificial intelligence and machine learning, manipulation, simulation, robotic management software, predictive analytics, and much more.
 
As Manager of Testing and Repair at Amazon Robotics, you will lead a team of electro-mechanical technicians who perform complex testing and repair of various AR products. The company has complex products that requires a detail oriented and organized individual to coordinate daily activities and implement critical initiatives. The successful candidate for this position will be a self-managing, action-oriented focused on developing a high performing team while delivering business results.
 
 Job Requirements: 
 
 Oversee daily execution of Test and Repair team in delivering daily requirements with a strong focus on safety and quality. 
 Train and mentor new technicians on equipment repair and preventative maintenance. 
 Gather, trend and report work stream test and failure data to promote improvement initiatives from suppliers through factory. 
 Drive efficiency and quality through process-focused approaches, process improvement initiatives and root cause / corrective action exercises. 
 Manage, grow and develop a team of high-performing associates, while promoting a culture of inclusion, innovation and performance. 
 Develop and manage to goals and critical metrics to ensure business success. Drive accountability with the team. 
 Lead and implement critical business initiatives across the team. 
 Work effectively across functions with matters involving Quality, Engineering, Supply Chain, Finance, etc. 
 Conduct employee reviews, hiring, and all disciplinary functions for the reporting team. 
 Technical experience/certifications in electronics, programming, controls preferred. 
 Strong commitment to safety and quality. 
 Technical troubleshooting and repair background preferred 
 Experience in complex work environments, including (but not limited to) robotics, automation, diagnostic and test equipment. 
 Well versed in Lean Manufacturing & Continuous Improvement principles & techniques. 
 Knowledge of systems and diagnostic tools in test environment including Linux based operating systems, python, ERP systems, Tableau. 
 Proficient with data collection, data analysis and use of metrics. 
 Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and prioritize tasks. 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us . Amazon.com Just posted original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Operations Manager jobs in North Reading, MA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in North Reading, MA Operations Manager salaries in North Reading, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 74,776 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
