
 
 
 
 Data Architect, Business Intelligence - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Architect, Business Intelligence The Segal Group, Inc. New York, NY Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Data Architect, Business Intelligence is a dynamic, organized, and customer-focused data centric leader who is interested in shaping our long-term data analytics, business intelligence and data warehousing roadmap using Microsoft BI stack. This will impact various client services we offer to our customers. The Data Architecht is responsible for leading and supporting architecture, design and development, and deployment of analytics solutions on Azure cloud and on-premises. The BI architect will also work with various stakeholders, understand business wants and needs, and be proficient in software development lifecycle management processes. 
 
 Essential Job Functions 
 Contribute to the definition of the firm's architectural vision and direction around data. 
 Create the blueprint for cloud based BI architecture to support Segal’s data analytics solutions that deliver’s information to the relevant users efficiently.
 Deliver on overall data analytics strategy and build integrated solutions that are in line with the architecture framework and meets business requirements. 
 Establish and champion best data management practices to integrate, centralize and govern data sources.
 Provide thought leadership in adopting and promoting Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning tools and techniques in solving complex business problems. 
 Works with IT and business customers to capture BI analytics requirements for designing the appropriate business intelligence solutions. 
 Provide leadership and guidance regarding data modelling best practices, data governance and quality practices. Ensure data adheres to enterprise governance standards and maintain credibility and reputation of high-quality data. 
 Lead and mentor junior resources. 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 Bachelor’s degree in math, computer science, engineering, finance, statistics, or a related technical field is required. Master’s degree preferred. 
 Minimum of 7 years in IT working on developing Data analytics, and BI solutions. 
 Minimum of 5 years’ experience in working with Cloud based BI solutions including Azure components and services. 
 In-depth experience implementing data warehousing and BI solutions based on Microsoft’s technology stack, both on Azure cloud and on premise such as Microsoft SQL Server, Integration Services, Azure SQL Database, Azure Data Factory and Data Bricks, Azure Analysis Services, and Power BI, while having a broad understanding of technology landscape for developing DW/BI solutions. 
 Knowledge of Python or R, is desirable . 
 Knowledge of Health Claim data is desirable. 
 Ability to think big, understand business strategy, provide consultative business analysis, and having a broad understanding of technology landscape for developing effective and scalable data warehouse and business intelligence solutions. 
 Proven track record of strong verbal/written communication & data presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams 
 Has excellent problem-solving skills and experience handling multiple projects and assignment in a fast-paced environment. 
 Can work well in a cross-team collaborative environment, with little oversight, and be able to engage stakeholders with various business and technical backgrounds. 
 
 Affirmative Action/Diversity Inclusion at Segal: 
 At Segal, we are committed to a culture of diversity and inclusiveness, as demonstrated through our recruitment, retention and employee development programs. We maintain an environment that respects and builds on the assets and talents of each person, valuing their differences. We also engage in good faith efforts to maintain an environment free from discrimination and harassment in strict compliance with applicable laws, and consider all qualified candidates for employment without regard to their race/ethnicity, national origin, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability or medical condition, protected veteran or military status, criminal record history, marital status, or status in any group or class protected by applicable federal, state or local law. We also engage in affirmative action to employ and advance in employment qualified women, minorities, disabled individuals and protected veterans. Maintaining a diverse and inclusive workforce is a win/win, and provides Segal with the opportunity to leverage our top talent to provide innovative solutions to our clients. 
 
Primary Location :  US-New York 
Job :  Bus. Ops. - Information Systems 
Organization :  National Office 
Schedule :  Regular 
 Regular Employee 
Employee Status :  Experienced Level 
Job Type :  Full-time 
Travel :  No 
Job Posting :  Sep 7, 2021, 3:23:21 PM The Segal Group, Inc. 8 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Analyst jobs in New York, NY Jobs at The Segal Group in New York, NY Business Intelligence Analyst salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from The Segal Group, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
