
 
 
 
 Instructional Designer (Highly Creative) - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Instructional Designer (Highly Creative) Dataiku New York, NY Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Headquartered in New York City, Dataiku was founded in Paris in 2013 and achieved unicorn status in 2019. Now, more than 800 employees work across the globe in our offices and remotely. Backed by a renowned set of investors and partners including CapitalG, Tiger Global, and Serena, we’ve set out to build the future of AI. 
As an instructional Designer in the internal learning team you will have the opportunity to tackle organizational challenges and make innovative recommendations to our core learning curriculum. 
You will determine, design, and implement the best ways for our employees to learn new skills and knowledge. You will be tasked to build upon our existing in person and video based training by thinking differently and adding a sense of variety and fun to our offerings. 
A large part of this role will be deciding how and when to use technology to enhance the learning experience - when to curate vs build. 
The Instructional Designer will join our internal learning team, and will partner with new hires, employees, managers and leaders in the organisation to address training needs across the company. 
 In this role you will: 
Create engaging learning activities and compelling courses that enhance retention and knowledge transfer 
Work with subject matter experts to create and develop learning content 
Conduct research and analysis on learners and contexts adapt training to different geographies when needed 
Work with business partners to identify target audiences and training needs 
State instructional goals and create content to match them 
Create supporting materials (audio, video, role plays, games …) 
Decide on criteria to judge learner’s performance and develop assessment instruments 
 
 
You might be a good fit if you have: 
A creative mind 
Strong organizational skills with experience juggling multiple deadlines, quick turnaround and likes working in a fast paced environment 
Visual design skills (Video editors ...) or experience with at least one training platform 
Ability to write effective copy, instructional text, audio and video scripts 
The curiosity to keep up with technology and learning methodologies 
 
 
About Dataiku: 
Dataiku is the platform for Everyday AI, systemizing the use of data for exceptional business results. By making the use of data and AI an everyday behavior, Dataiku unlocks the creativity within individual employees to power collective success at companies of all sizes and across all industries. Don’t get us wrong: we are a tech company building software. Our culture is even pretty geeky! But our driving force is and will always remain people, starting with ours. We consider our employees to be our most precious asset, and we are committed to ensuring that each of them gets the most rewarding, enjoyable, and memorable work experience with us. Fly over to Instagram to learn more about our #dataikulife. 
 
 Our practices are rooted in the idea that everyone should be treated with dignity, decency and fairness. Dataiku also believes that a diverse identity is a source of strength and allows us to optimize across the many dimensions that are needed for our success. Therefore, we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All employment practices are based on business needs, without regard to race, ethnicity, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, neurodiversity, disability status, citizenship, veteran status or any other aspect which makes an individual unique or protected by laws and regulations in the locations where we operate. This applies to all policies and procedures related to recruitment and hiring, compensation, benefits, performance, promotion and termination and all other conditions and terms of employment. DATAIKU 13 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Instructional Designer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Dataiku in New York, NY Instructional Designer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Dataiku Dataiku is the platform for Everyday AI, systemizing the use of data for exceptional business results. By making the use of data and AI a... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
