
 
 
 
 Sr Quantitative Model Validator - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 information By using Indeed you agree to our new  Privacy Policy ,  Cookie Policy  and  Terms , which we encourage you to review. OK Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr Quantitative Model Validator Citizens 2,858 reviews Boston, MA Full-time Citizens 2,858 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Description 
MRM&V function at Citizens Bank is responsible for identifying and managing the model risk across the bank in finance, consumer and commercial divisions. The model types include statistical, time-series, econometrics, machine learning, derivative pricing and qualitative modeling. These models are used to measure risk in AML, CCAR, CECL, VaR, loss forecasting, pricing, profitability, regulatory capital, underwriting, fraud, and fair lending amongst many others. As a member of MRM&V team, you will be performing independent analytical reviews and validations of models across the bank, focusing on retail loss forecasting and underwriting models. You will contribute to wide variety of other types of models and collaborate with other model stakeholders. 
 Responsibilities: 
 Own the model risk validation process including assessment of the model’s overall suitability for its intended use and purpose, evaluation of the model’s theoretical framework, analysis and verification of data used in the model development to ensure its relevance and representativeness, statistical and analytical testing, code replication, benchmark methodologies, logical tests and accuracy checks to challenge the model effectively. 
 Communicate modeling concepts and conclusions reached in a clear and concise manner especially to a nonquantitative audience. 
 Document all aspects of model risk validation process in a validation report. 
 Develop strong relationships with managers and analysts in the businesses as well as with the other analytical functions within the bank. 
 Qualifications 
 4+ years of experience in financial risk modeling, econometrics, operations research, or related fields. 
 Demonstrated understanding of the statistical and theoretical issues in models used in banking. Understanding of recent AI/Machine Learning techniques and platforms preferred. 
 Strong understanding of market-relevant measures of risk and, in particular, market and credit risk modeling. 
 Programming proficiency in one or more advanced statistical analysis tools such as SAS, R, Python, Matlab, etc. 
 Good oral and written communication skills. 
 
 Education: 
 Graduate degree in quantitative finance, economics/econometrics, statistics or related quantitative fields required 
 
 Hours and Work Schedule 
 Hours per Week: 40 
 Work Schedule: Monday-Friday 
 
Why Work for Us 
At Citizens, you'll find a customer-centric culture built around helping our customers and giving back to our local communities. When you join our team, you are part of a supportive and collaborative workforce, with access to training and tools to accelerate your potential and maximize your career growth. 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
Citizens, its parent, subsidiaries, and related companies provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all colleagues and applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, citizenship, physical or mental disability or perceived disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity or expression, genetic information, genetic characteristic, marital or domestic partner status, victim of domestic violence, family status/parenthood, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, pregnancy/childbirth/lactation, colleague’s or a dependent’s reproductive health decision making, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by federal, state and/or local laws. 
Equal Employment and Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veteran 
Citizens is a brand name of Citizens Bank, N.A. and each of its respective affiliates. Citizens Financial Group 19 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Financial Modeler jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Citizens in Boston, MA Financial Modeler salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Citizens Citizens 2,858 reviews Citizens is where you’ll have the support and training to make an impact and take your career wherever you want to go. Join us today. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
