
 
 
 
 VP, Compliance & Ethics - Morristown, NJ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VP, Compliance & Ethics BioXcel Therapeutics Morristown, NJ Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Position Summary: 
 
 Reporting to the Chief Legal Officer & Corporate Secretary, the VP, Compliance & Ethics – Chief Compliance Officer will be responsible for providing strategic direction for compliance & ethics at BioXcel Therapeutics and for implementing and operationalizing the company’s compliance & ethics program (“Compliance Program”). This position will support the company’s business goals and objectives while building and maintaining a strong culture of compliance throughout the organization by, among other things, implementing effective and business-savvy policies, procedures and training; ensuring open and effective lines of communication at all levels of the organization; supporting investigations, risk assessments, audit and monitoring activities; and leading enterprise-wide compliance initiatives. 
 Responsibilities 
Leveraging knowledge of industry best practices to ensure all elements of an effective compliance program are 
met. 
Proactively planning for emerging trends in compliance, anticipating the impact on processes, and working with 
company personnel to determine how to address compliance risks using the most up to date information around 
emerging state and federal laws, regulations and guidance, U.S. government enforcement actions, and 
evaluation of Corporate Integrity Agreements. Implementing practical and business-savvy compliance guidance, communication materials and other job aids to 
empower company personnel to manage risk with integrity and sound judgement. 
Establishing and supporting effective business processes and controls to ensure the company is satisfying its 
regulatory and compliance obligations and remediating any identified gaps in a timely fashion. 
Setting an appropriate tone of integrity and raising awareness of compliance as a collective responsibility of all 
company personnel through effective engagement, training, auditing, and monitoring. 
Maintaining a current working knowledge of applicable laws, regulations, and industry guidance that affect the 
Compliance Program, including federal and state government price reporting laws, state and federal privacy 
laws, including GDPR, OIG and DOJ guidelines, PhRMA code, state marketing compliance laws and federal and 
state transparency reporting requirements. 
Supporting business function integration of compliance controls into existing business practices, where 
applicable. 
Managing compliance investigations into alleged violations of the Compliance Program and overseeing 
corrective actions with relevant company personnel. 
Developing and conducting annual risk assessment and mitigation plans. 
Reviewing and approving HCP engagements, including performing Fair Market Value assessments and 
validation. 
Developing, delivering and monitoring compliance training. 
Developing and implementing appropriate metrics to assess compliance with the Compliance Program. 
Partnering with and advising business stakeholders in connection with the preparation of an annual compliance 
work plan based upon a comprehensive, annual compliance risk assessment. 
Establishing strong relationships with key internal stakeholders to understand current and future compliance needs. 
 Requirements 
Bachelor's degree is required; a JD or other advanced degree or course of study (i.e., MBA, CPA) is desirable 
10+ years of relevant experience in the pharmaceutical or biotechnology industry, including broad experience 
planning, developing, implementing, monitoring, and managing compliance programs in entrepreneurial or high 
growth organizations. 
Strong working knowledge of and high-level of familiarity with the full spectrum of compliance risk areas and US 
laws, regulations, and industry guidance that affect the pharmaceutical industry. 
Certified Compliance and Ethics Professional (CCEP), Certified Information Privacy Professional (CIPP) and/or 
Certified in Healthcare Compliance (CHC) strongly preferred. 
Additional Requirements 
Unquestioned ethics, judgment, integrity and courage. 
Ability to tolerate ambiguity and to remain flexible under pressure. 
Strong project management skills. 
Strong implementer. 
Ability to act as a business partner actively engaging stakeholders across the organization in both pre- 
commercial and commercial environments. 
Familiarity with business processes and operations and the implementation and scaling of technologies around 
transparency reporting, needs and fair market value assessment, compliance controls, and e-learning. 
High level of comfort working in evolving business models. 
Ability to work collaboratively and collegially across functions and with different cultures. 
Strong disposition and desire to be hands on with the ability to manage day-to-day compliance & ethics 
activities. 
 Your Path to Endless Opportunities 
If you’re looking to push the envelope and join an innovative company where technology meets drug discovery and development and you’re enthusiastic, creative, with a passion for cutting-edge research, you should join our team! We are looking for highly motivated, passionate employees to help us drive technology solutions for discovering breakthrough treatments for our portfolio of oncology and neuroscience programs, as well as for our partners across major therapeutic areas. 
About BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc . 
BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on drug development that utilizes artificial intelligence to identify improved therapies in neuroscience and immuno-oncology. BTI's drug re-innovation approach leverages existing approved drugs and/or clinically evaluated product candidates together with big data and proprietary machine learning algorithms to identify new therapeutic indices. BTI's two most advanced clinical development programs are BXCL501, an investigational sublingual thin film formulation in development for acute treatment of agitation resulting from neuropsychiatric disorders, and BXCL701, an investigational orally administered systemic innate immunity activator in development for treatment of a rare form of prostate cancer and for treatment of pancreatic cancer in combination with other immuno-oncology agents. For more information, please visit www.bioxceltherapeutics.com. BioXcel Therapeutics 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President of Compliance jobs in Morristown, NJ Jobs at BioXcel Therapeutics in Morristown, NJ Vice President of Compliance salaries in Morristown, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from BioXcel Therapeutics Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
