
 
 
 
 Full Stack Principal Software Engineer - Fidelity’s Financial Intelligence Unit - Merrimack, NH 03054 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Full Stack Principal Software Engineer - Fidelity’s Financial Intelligence Unit Fidelity Investments 4,017 reviews Merrimack, NH 03054 Full-time Fidelity Investments 4,017 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description: 
The Role
 Fidelity’s Financial Intelligence Unit is seeking a motivated full stack engineer with a passion for building and consuming business critical APIs, automating business processes and delivering capabilities to combat cyber fraud using a range of development and data management technologies and tools. The successful candidate will be self-starter working collaboratively with distributed teams to implement fast and flexible solutions, handling ambiguity, in an agile environment. 
The Team 
Financial Intelligence Unit strives to protect Fidelity businesses, clients, customers, and reputation by providing effective and timely analytical and investigative services, optimally balancing fraud risk and customer experience. This team deploys advanced analytics to detect and combat fraud for enterprise-wide financial products and services, working closely with Cyber Fraud Investigators, surveillance analysts and technology groups including enterprise cyber security and customer protection teams, assembling and analyzing fraud risk signals in near real time. 
Required Technical Skills 
Strong software development experience with one or more of Java, JavaScript, Spring MVC/Core, XML/JSON, Python, Microsoft PowerApps, NodeJS, React, or Angular frameworks. 
Experience building web apps, web services and RESTful APIs, and integrating applications with external APIs and other data sources. 
Proven experience with developing apps for real-time data processing, data streaming, publishing/subscribing, data manipulation and parsing, to solve exciting dataset problems. 
Experience with relational databases, DB2, SQL, streaming data, Kafka, Splunk, Snowflake, NoSQL, Redis, or similar data management platforms is strongly desired. 
Knowledge of hybrid on-prem and cloud architectures and services, especially data federation, storage, and processing functionality. DevOps and continuous delivery experience preferred. 
Other Desired Skills 
Prior experience in cyber fraud products and services, applying AI/ML and business rules to detect anomalies. 
Self-starter, who can challenge status-quo, is curious and not afraid to ask “why?” and “what if?”, self-motivated to deliver high quality work in a timely manner. 
A technologist who can manage short- and long-term outcomes, quickly build prototypes, test, gather feedback, learn, and improve solutions in an agile manner. 
Ability to function individually and with others in a fast-paced environment with dynamic priorities. 
Strong analytical and problem resolution skills, be able to do research, find answers to technical challenges, and learn new techniques. 
Ability to analyze fraud risk needs partnering with analysts, engineers, and cyber security teams to build and deliver fraud detection and response capability. 
The Value You Deliver 
Through applications, APIs and services provide fraud risk intelligence to business processes. Understand cyber fraud intelligence needs and build high level integrated designs to meet those requirements. 
Integrate data sources and risk signals to provide continuous fraud detection improvements and automation. 
Ensure alignment with enterprise architecture strategies and development practices in heterogeneous technical environment. 
Seek opportunities to improve risk information availability via APIs and shared services, recommend optimization ideas using cloud and on-prem solutions. 
Support cyber investigations and business users, providing technical guidance and institutional knowledge about risk data, its sources, and accurate usage. 
Certifications: 
Company Overview 
 
At Fidelity Investments, our customers are at the heart of everything we do. As a privately held company with a rich 75-year history, our mission has remained the same since our founding:  to strengthen the financial well-being of our clients . We help people invest and plan for their future. We assist companies and non-profit organizations in delivering benefits to their employees. And we provide institutions and independent advisors with investment and technology solutions to help invest their own clients’ money. 
 
 Join Us 
 
At Fidelity, you’ll find endless opportunities to build a meaningful career that positively impacts peoples’ lives, including yours. You can take advantage of flexible benefits that support you through every stage of your career, empowering you to thrive at work and at home. And you don’t need a finance background to succeed at Fidelity—we offer a range of opportunities for learning and growth so you can build the career you’ve always imagined. We welcome associates from different backgrounds and with different perspectives to help us innovate and make a difference for our customers and our communities. 
 
We invite you to  Find Your Fidelity  at fidelitycareers.com. 
Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that the most effective way to attract, develop and retain a diverse workforce is to build an enduring culture of inclusion and belonging. 
 
Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation, contact the HR Leave of Absence/Accommodation Team by sending an email to accommodations @fmr.com, or by calling  800-835-5099 , prompt 2, option 2. Fidelity Investments 13 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Full Stack Developer jobs in Merrimack, NH Jobs at Fidelity Investments in Merrimack, NH Full Stack Developer salaries in Merrimack, NH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments 4,017 reviews At Fidelity Investments, you'll discover challenges that excite you as you develop professionally and explore many career paths based on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
