
 
 
 
 Multiphase Computational Engineer - Morgantown, WV 26501 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 information By using Indeed you agree to our new  Privacy Policy ,  Cookie Policy  and  Terms , which we encourage you to review. OK Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Multiphase Computational Engineer Leidos 1,235 reviews Morgantown, WV 26501 Full-time Leidos 1,235 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Description 
 Job Description: 
Looking for an opportunity to make an impact? 
Leidos is seeking a Multiphase Computational Engineer to join our research support team at the US Department of Energy National Energy Technology Laboratory (NETL) in Morgantown, WV. 
The successful candidate will support collaborative research for modeling of energy technologies that often encompass pyrolysis, combustion, and gasification. Current research initiatives involve carbon capture through polymeric reaction, hydrogen storage, and upgrading of biomass and municipal solid waste for potential use as fuel. Other research relates to high-performance coal-based and natural gas-based energy systems. Duties include the development and application of advanced modeling tools and techniques to design and optimize the performance of carbon and hydrogen capture techniques as well as advanced energy and related systems based on biomass, municipal solid waste, coal, natural gas, and other fuels. 
Work performed is primarily directed toward mathematical and computational modeling, as well as software development, as it relates to advanced energy systems. This work will emphasize application of computational fluid dynamics (CFD) to novel multiphase flow reactors and devices including circulating fluidized beds, fixed beds, particle classifiers, catalytic reactors, and other advanced energy systems. In-house simulation will emphasize NETL’s MFiX modeling suite, which includes Two-Fluid (TFM), discrete element (DEM), coarse-grained discrete element (CG-DEM), and Particle-in-Cell (PIC) models. The incumbent will work closely with NETL multiphase flow computational scientists to assist them with detailed code applications, development, and validation studies. Work assignments will be in support of the NETL Computational Device Engineering Team and Multiphase Flow Science program in the Research & Innovation Center (CDE-RIC). 
If this sounds like the kind of environment where you can thrive, keep reading! 
Primary Responsibilities: 
Provide R&D technical support for the NETL multiphase flow sciences program. 
Conduct mathematical modeling of energy systems and actively participate in software development. 
Collaborate closely with multiphase flow science program members and create numerical /analytical /computational studies of advanced energy conversion systems. Apply experimental data to model validation and improvement efforts. 
Develop high fidelity analytical and computational models of steady state and dynamic flows that exist in advanced energy conversion systems. 
Analyze experimental data from laboratory tests and published data from other authors. 
Present ideas and results to the research team. 
Contribute to future research planning and assist with proposals. 
Work independently and collaboratively with members of the research team to meet milestones and deliverables. 
Assist or lead efforts in writing research papers and creating conference presentations. 
Basic Qualifications 
Ph.D. in chemical engineering, mechanical engineering, or a closely related field 
0-1 years’ experience computational multiphase fluid dynamics research involving reacting multiphase fluid dynamics in gas-solids, gas-liquids, liquid-solids, three-phase reacting flows, numerical analysis, and mathematical modeling. 
Preferred Qualifications 
1-3 years of postgraduate research and development experience in computational, mathematical and analytical model development relevant to fossil and/or biomass energy conversion and chemical process systems. Emphasis on computational multiphase flow with experience in development and application of Lagrangian and Two-Fluid Modeling approaches. Familiarity with upgrading of biomass pyrolysis gas through catalytic processes and computational modeling of these systems is desired. 
Ability to develop and apply complex multiphase computational fluid dynamics codes to study multiphase systems, including fluidized beds and other configurations important to energy conversion and chemical reactors. Experience using the NETL MFiX Software Suite to study these multiphase flow systems is highly valued. 
Experience in scientific code development and application with an emphasis on creating computational models to aid in the design, understanding and analysis of complex multiphase flow systems, including Discrete Element Methods, Two-Fluid Modeling, and Kinetic Theory of Granular Flow approaches. 
Familiarity with upgrading of biomass pyrolysis gas through catalytic processes and computational modeling of these systems is desired. Knowledge of bioreactor systems including simulation of reactor performance will be helpful. 
Experience in CFD modeling of chemical process reactors such as polymerization reactors is desired. 
Experience with CFD software including FLUENT, OpenFOAM, MFiX, and COMSOL as well as Parallel Programming with C/C++, Fortran, Large-scale simulations on High Performance Computing facilities will be useful. Experience in mesh generation (GAMBIT, ICEM-CFD), data collection and analysis (Tecplot, Paraview) are also valued. 
Experience using ML/AI techniques is also a plus. 
External Referral Bonus: 
Ineligible 
External Referral Bonus $: 
Potential for Telework: 
No 
Clearance Level Required: 
None 
Travel: 
Yes, 10% of the time 
Scheduled Weekly Hours: 
40 
Shift: 
Day 
Requisition Category: 
Professional 
Job Family: 
Research Scientist 
Pay Range: Leidos 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Morgantown, WV Jobs at Leidos in Morgantown, WV Engineer salaries in Morgantown, WV Company Info Follow Get job updates from Leidos Leidos 1,235 reviews Leidos
Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the worl... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
