
 
 
 
 Open World Level Designer - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Open World Level Designer Arkane Studios Austin, TX Overview 
Arkane Studios is looking for an Open World Level Designer, someone who will be in charge of translating game design into engaging player experiences. In addition to talent and passion, we want a designer who is innovative, collaborative and who loves the kind of games we make. As an Open World Level Designer at Arkane, you'll be responsible for designing and implementing dynamic encounters and player objectives that help bring the open world experience to life. Strong understanding of both the creative and technical elements of design are a must for this position. 
If you have experience creating encounters, are eager to have an impact, and are open to new challenges, we’d like to hear from you. 
Responsibilities 
Deliver engaging and varied encounters for 1st person action games 
Work with narrative, AI, Level and System Design teams to deliver dynamic player experiences 
Work with the development team to create tools and pipeline for dynamically delivered encounters 
Work with other level designers on the placement of encounters, both scripted and systemic 
Assist the Design leads in reviewing encounters and communicating encounter needs to Level Architects 
Qualifications 
Solid understanding of 3d action game design and the interplay between level and system design
 The ability to self-motivate and drive feature development while collaborating with multiple disciplines 
The flexibility to work in a highly iterative pipeline 
At least one AAA action title shipped, or major contribution to a title as a Level or Encounter designer 
Ability to craft engaging narrative experiences through systems and environmental storytelling 
Advanced coding or scripting experience 
Game industry experience required. 3+ years in a Design role 
Previous work experience with a AAA editor (ie., idTech, Unreal, CRYENGINE, etc. 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
 Must submit work samples
 We embrace diversity, equity, and inclusion in everything we do – from recruiting for our studios, publishing and operations to fostering safe and respectful workplaces that encourage collaboration. Our culture is based on principles of respect, inclusion, and fair treatment and we welcome anyone into our family without regard to race, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, or age. 
 Our diversity fuels our innovation and inspires us to create game worlds that bring us closer to the global community of players we serve. ZeniMax Media Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Video Game Designer jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Arkane Studios in Austin, TX Video Game Designer salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Arkane Studios Arkane Studios is a French video game developer based in Lyon, France. It was founded in 1999, and released its first game, Arx Fatalis, ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
