
 
 
 
 Integrated Circuit CAD Engineer, Quantum AI - Goleta, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 information By using Indeed you agree to our new  Privacy Policy ,  Cookie Policy  and  Terms , which we encourage you to review. OK Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Integrated Circuit CAD Engineer, Quantum AI Google 3,932 reviews Goleta, CA Full-time Google 3,932 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, or equivalent practical experience.
 Experience with programmatic layout and verification software.
 Experience with Python or other programming languages. 
 Experience with software design/development 
 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Experience with emerging/experimental technologies (e.g., MRAM, Photonics, RSFQ). 
 Experience with version control software, including Git. 
 Experience with radio frequency integrated circuit (RFIC) and/or multi-chip module integrated circuit (MMIC) design. 
 Experience with photonics and/or microelectromechanical systems (MEMS). 
 Familiarity with integrated circuit fabrication processes. 
 Knowledge of EDA tools (i.e. Cadence, KLayout) for PCell development. 
 About the job 
The Quantum team's mission is to make useful quantum computing tools available to the world that enable humankind to solve problems that would otherwise be impossible. Google AI Quantum is building novel systems that can leverage quantum mechanics to outperform the world's largest computers at certain classes of problems. 
 In this role, you will support the physical design of quantum processors and associated analog, DC, and RF devices. 
 You will work closely with designs and architectures as our devices scale in size and complexity. Your activities will span from laying out specific test masks, to integrating physical design metadata into software touching all aspects of the research activity. 
Responsibilities 
 Leverage programmatic layout tools to integrate metadata into all aspects of the research activity (e.g., device probing, packaging, simulation, and measurement setups). 
 Develop programmatic layout infrastructure for speeding up and simplifying layout workflow from initial layout to final tapeout. 
 Support the Device team with layout projects. 
 Support custom process design kits (PDKs) and design rule check (DRC). 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Integration Engineer jobs in Goleta, CA Jobs at Google in Goleta, CA Integration Engineer salaries in Goleta, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,932 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
