
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Round Rock, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Dell Technologies 10,520 reviews Round Rock, TX Remote Dell Technologies 10,520 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Data Scientist
 Data Science is all about breaking new ground to enable businesses to answer their most urgent questions. Pioneering massively parallel data-intensive analytic processing, our mission is to develop a whole new approach to generating meaning and value from petabyte-scale data sets and shape brand new methodologies, tools, statistical methods and models. What’s more, we are in collaboration with leading academics, industry experts and highly skilled engineers to equip our customers to generate sophisticated new insights from the biggest of big data. 
Join us to do the best work of your career and make a profound social impact as a Data Scientist on our Global Process Engineering and Data Sciences team in Austin, TX or Remote-USA. 
What you’ll achieve 
 
You will be working closely with the business, including stakeholders and essential partners internally at Dell Technologies to design, build and productionize end-to-end machine learning solutions & products for our business and customers. 
You will:
 Design & build scalable, efficient & automated processes for large-scale data analysis, machine-learning model development, model validation and servings 
Conduct experimentation to improve model performance 
Participate in brainstorming sessions & guide Jr. data scientists 
Ability to effectively communicate, both verbally and in writing to scientists and non-scientists 
Works independently with internal and external teams 
Essential Requirements
 Exposure to all stages in a data science project life cycle including designed & deployed Machine Learning models in production and Machine Learning techniques like Ranking, Classification, Clustering, Regression and Topic Modeling 
Strong database knowledge and expertise in SQL, Python 
Solid programming skills to retrieve, analyze and process data, and build machine learning models from the ground up
 Deep knowledge of machine learning, information retrieval, data mining, statistics, NLP or related field
 Familiarity with Agile practices 
Desired Requirements 
4+ years dedicated experience as Data Scientist with hands on experience in NLP, Deep Learning 
Knowledge on concepts - Hypothesis Testing, Experimental Design & AB Testing 
Experience working in an Agile environment (Exposure to Agile concepts) 
Write production level code in python, Git experience 
Here’s our story; now tell us yours 
Dell Technologies helps organizations and individuals build a brighter digital tomorrow. Our company is made up of more than 150,000 people, located in over 180 locations around the world. We’re proud to be a diverse and inclusive team and have an endless passion for our mission to drive human progress. 
 
What’s most important to us is that you are respected, feel like you can be yourself and have the opportunity to do the best work of your life - while still having a life. We offer excellent benefits, bonus programs, flexible work arrangements, a variety of career development opportunities, employee resource groups, and much more. 
 
We started with computers, but we didn’t stop there. We are helping customers move into the future with multi-cloud, AI and machine learning through the most innovative technology and services portfolio for the data era. Join us and become a part of what’s next in technology, starting today. 
 
You can also learn more about us by reading our latest Diversity and Inclusion Report and our plan to make the world a better place by 2030 here. 
 
Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Dell encourages applicants of all ages. Read the full Equal Employment Opportunity Policy here. Dell 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Round Rock, TX Jobs at Dell Technologies in Round Rock, TX Data Scientist salaries in Round Rock, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Dell Technologies Dell Technologies 10,520 reviews You want a meaningful career. You want to drive human progress forward with innovation. You want to join a team of the best and brightest... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
