
 
 
 
 Senior Data Scientist - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Data Scientist Project Ronin Remote Remote Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are on a mission to improve cancer care for patients. To this aim we are developing a truly personalized cancer intelligence platform for the “N of 1” to empower oncologists. In addition, we bring the patient voice to the physician by allowing patients to report symptoms, side effects, and disease progression information via our mobile app, enabling real-time symptom management. 
The Data Science team is helping Project Rōnin realize its goal of improving cancer patient outcomes across cancer types and across the course of therapy via cutting-edge AI, data science, and machine learning. We're looking for candidates who can develop statistical models using large clinical datasets, derive insights from our data, help implement those models in our physician and patient software, and design publishable studies to prove the benefit of the models. 
As one of the members of the biostatistics core of the data science team, you will have a unique opportunity to help build our biostatistics functionality from the ground up. You can make a positive impact in a field that has touched the lives of almost everyone in the world. 
 What you will do: 
Join our data science team in the creation of statistical and data science tools that provide individualized predictions of clinical outcomes and toxicities.
 Analyze complex medical data sets to derive insights that can be used to improve our product and ultimately improve cancer outcomes. 
Build clinical decision support for physicians and patients to facilitate shared decision-making.
 Design and publish health studies in oncology. 
Explore synergies between medical datasets and patient digital health data. 
Provide biostatistical methodology technical leadership. 
Share insights with non-technical audiences.
 Analyze complex medical datasets to derive insights that can be used to improve our product and ultimately improve cancer outcomes. 
 What we are looking for: 
MS/Ph.D. with 5+ years experience.
 Understanding of machine learning / statistical modeling methods such as causal analysis, explainability, penalized regression, time to event analysis, and unsupervised learning. Understanding of unsupervised methods. 
Experience working with episodic and longitudinal data. Ability to explain your work clearly to a non-technical audience.
 Interested in leading data science and statistics projects.
 Strong R and Python skills.
 Exposure to applications of data science in healthcare and industry experience with cross-functional collaboration.
 Nice to have but not required: Experience with designing studies and publishing in peer-reviewed journals. 
 What We Offer: 
We’re a remote-first company within the United States Competitive salary and equity, based on experience 401k through Guideline Medical, dental, and vision 100% covered for employees and 70% for dependents 100% covered life insurance for employees Parental Leave Flexible vacation: we encourage everyone to take at least 15 days off per year 11 paid company holidays plus a week off during the winter holidays All the stipends! Learning & development, internet, cell phone, and team lunches Opportunity to work on impactful products in the complex cancer space 
Project Rōnin is filling one of the greatest gaps in patient care to date. Our mission is to increase the length and quality of every persons’ life who has been affected by cancer. 
This year alone there will be nearly 1.8 million new cancer diagnoses, and the tools oncologists are using haven’t been updated in 20 years. With our platform, communication between patients and their doctors is optimized through an individual care platform that is already having an immediate impact. 
Want to learn more? 
Linkedin 
Medium 
Our Values 
Avoid the confidence gap. If some of the above describes you, we’d love to chat and see where your skills can add to our team. 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity in our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. 
#LI-Remote Project Ronin 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Data Scientist jobs in Remote Jobs at Project Ronin in Remote Senior Data Scientist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Project Ronin Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
