
 
 
 
 Engineering Manager, Applied AI - Carlsbad, CA 92008 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Engineering Manager, Applied AI Zynga 99 reviews Carlsbad, CA 92008 Temporarily remote Full-time Zynga 99 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Zynga’s Applied AI group focuses on developing innovative approaches to problems within the game development process, demonstrating directly the ways that AI can add value throughout the creative process. Our first title, Spell Forest, is available for download today and builds on our new technology stack, designed to demonstrate what we call "AI-First Game Development". 
You should have an interest in the areas of Game Development, Machine Learning, and Computational Creativity, and be prepared to mentor and grow contributors with an understanding of these fields. A passion for games is definitely an advantage! 
As Engineering Manager, you will direct a team of Engineers within the group, focused on delivering technical solutions to challenges in Computational Creativity - unifying AI techniques and creative disciplines such as game design to create engaging experiences for our players. First and foremost you will act as a mentor, coaching the team and providing guidance and professional development. You should also have an ability to own projects end-to-end, designing solutions to problems, and think through how to architect scalable frameworks and services. 
Main Responsibilities: 
Provide technical leadership across all decision making and project execution within the group 
Provide mentorship to the team to advance skill development in engineering 
Encourage engineering excellence across engineering and data science teams 
Deconstruct problem descriptions into systems architectures and create technical specifications for each component sub-system. 
Define engineering standards and establish processes to ensure these are met. 
Work closely with project management to ensure efficient resource allocation and appropriate delivery of work. 
Take a "lead by example" mentality, with up to 50% of your time contributing directly to project development. 
Desired Skills and Experience: 
Proficiency with least two of: Game Client Development (Unity/C#), Backend Technology (Python), Artificial Intelligence (Machine Learning, Procedural Content Generation) and Tools Development 
Excellent presentation and communication skills; comfortable explaining technical topics to non-technical users. 
4+ years of work experience in engineering or related fields 
Prior People Management experience preferred, but not required with sufficient experience of mentoring and coaching. 
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment with changing priorities, and coordinate a remote-based team under these conditions 
B.S. or B.A. in Math, Statistics, Comp Sci, Engineering, or other technical fields, or equivalent professional experience; advanced degrees preferred. 
What we offer you: 
Competitive salary, bonus plan, Zynga RSU’s (Restricted Stock Units), ESPP (Employee Stock Purchase Plan) 
401K Company Match Contribution 
Medical, dental, vision, EAP, life insurance, and disability benefits 
Virtual mental health and neuro-diversity support programs 
Family planning support program 
Generous paid maternity/parental leave 
Subsidized Back-up child care 
Flexible working hours 
Open vacation policy for all full-time employees 
A diverse and inclusive team of friendly, fun, and supportive co-workers, as well as a company-wise culture of DEI support including employee resource groups 
**During the COVID-19 pandemic, our workforce transitioned to working from home, with all interviewing and onboarding being conducted virtually until further notice. 
Zynga is an equal opportunity employer. We are proud of our diverse community; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, medical condition, disability, or any other class or characteristic protected by applicable law. Zynga will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law. We welcome candidates, players, employees, and partners from all backgrounds. 
We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with physical or mental disabilities in order to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us at AccommodationRequest@zynga.com to request an accommodation. #LI-LM1 Zynga Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineering Manager jobs in Carlsbad, CA Jobs at Zynga in Carlsbad, CA Engineering Manager salaries in Carlsbad, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Zynga Zynga 99 reviews Zynga is a global leader in interactive entertainment with a mission to connect the world through games.

To date, more than one billio... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
