
 
 
 
 Machine Learning SWE - Learning from Demonstration - Fremont, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning SWE - Learning from Demonstration Third Wave Automation Fremont, CA Company Description 
 
Third Wave Automation is a rapidly growing startup company that has demonstrated its core technology components, proven the market fit, and just closed its Series B round of funding. If you are excited about cutting edge machine learning, robotics that affects the real world, and want to join a company where your skills can have a huge impact, you'll fit right in. 
 
Third Wave Automation is applying modern machine learning to materials handling—delivering site-specific forklift navigation and infrastructure-free pallet handling that continuously adapts to changing floor configuration and warehouse demand. 
 
Team Description 
 
We are a small team of researchers applying learning-from-demonstration and imitation learning techniques to Third Wave's autonomous forklifts. We combine the state of the art from the research community with Third Wave's full-stack robotic system to transform what's possible in warehouse automation. We make big technical bets and push our successes all the way to production. 
 
Job Description 
 
Third Wave Automation is looking for a software engineer to join our research team and lead the team's efforts in cloud and data infrastructure. This includes data processing, ingestion, and analysis, both on the robot and in the cloud; machine learning infrastructure, both on the robot and in the cloud, and writing and maintaining high-quality machine-learning and data analysis libraries for use across Third Wave. The role may include the opportunity for academic publications. 
 
How You Can Make an Impact 
 
 Provide technical leadership in software (both cloud and learning), data design, and tooling. 
 Work closely with researchers to rapidly prototype new machine learning pipelines, models, and experiments. 
 Build a robust platform for repeatable training and deployment of machine learning models. 
 Contribute to academic publications of our results. 
 
 Desired Qualifications 
 
 PhD or Master's degree in Robotics, CS, EE, or related quantitative discipline or experience with a focus on Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Statistics, Optimization, Operations Research, or related fields. 
 2+ Years of professional experience in software engineering. 
 Experience with cloud computing platforms (particularly database and data-storage systems) and data processing pipelines. 
 Strong software development skills in C++ and Python. 
 
 Bonus Points For 
 
 Professional experience developing machine learning infrastructure (particularly for robots). 
 Experience with ROS or other robotics frameworks. 
 Experience with processing sensor data (images, video, point clouds, etc.) at scale. 
 Academic or professional research experience, including publications, presentations, and patents. 
 
 More About Working Here 
 
Our Core Values: 
 
 Safety. We consider safety in everything we do. 
 People. We care about our teammates as people. 
 Encouragement. We encourage teaching, asking questions, and sharing opinions. 
 Transparency. We are transparent and sincere in our actions. 
 
 A robust set of benefits and perks: 
 
 Comprehensive benefits. Health, Dental, Vision - we've got you and your dependents covered. 
 Flexible working schedule. Be productive when you work best. 
 Show & Tell. We love to learn from one another, and see the cool stuff everyone is working on! 
 Meals are covered. Lunch is provided every day, and dinner for those evenings that run long. 
 Stacks of snacks. Donuts are a main food group, and the snack shelf is always stocked with a wide variety of items. 
 Great teammates. One of the best parts of working here! 
 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We value each person's expertise and experiences. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
 
All qualified applicants able to work in the United States are encouraged to apply. Third Wave Automation 12 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Fremont, CA Jobs at Third Wave Automation in Fremont, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Fremont, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Third Wave Automation Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
