
 
 
 
 Women in Technology @ JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Plano, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Women in Technology @ JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,626 reviews Plano, TX Full-time JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,626 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Join us on  Tuesday, September 28th  for our  Women in Technology Virtual Event  - \"Are you ready for the next BIG thing? - a virtual networking reception to gain insights into our continued growth at our newly expanded Plano Tech Center - made up of  more than 3,000 technologists  who are dedicated to creating high-quality products and software that advance businesses around the world.
 This is a unique opportunity for experienced technologist to engage with our Plano leaders and hiring teams as they share exciting and engaging projects being executed at the Plano Tech Center. Resumes are welcomed and encouraged as both recruiting and hiring managers will be on-line to shar our exciting opportunities across the Global Technology organization.
 Our firm hires technologists in varying roles and levels of experience. If you are interested in one of the skill tracks listed below, please register, send us a resume and join us to learn more!
 Opportunities at JPMorgan Chase in: 
 
 Software Engineers (Java, Big Data, Front-end, Back-end, Full Stack)
 Project Execution (Business Analysts, SCRUM/Agile Leads, Product/Program Managers)
 Database Management (Database Development, Data Engineering, Data Modeling)
 Architects (Enterprise Software Architects ( not pre-sales ), Data Architects, Information Architects)
 Specialized Roles (AI/ML Engineers, Data Scientists)
 
 Event Details: 
 
Date  - September 28, 2021 
 Time  - 11:30AM - 1:00PM Central Time 
 
Deadline to register and submit a resume for opportunity consideration will be Monday, September 27th @ 5:00PM Central Time. 
JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. 
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans JPMorgan Chase 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at JPMorgan Chase Bank in Plano, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,626 reviews One of the most respected companies in the world, Chase offers experienced professionals like you an array of opportunities to take your ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
