
 
 
 
 Sr Tech Development Strategist - AI solutions - Bothell, WA 98011 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr Tech Development Strategist - AI solutions T-Mobile 24,568 reviews Bothell, WA 98011 Full-time T-Mobile 24,568 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Senior Technology Development Strategist identifies and adopts new, emerging technologies integral to the future of our business. Assists with standardizing the enterprise process for selecting new technologies. Monitors effectiveness of latest technologies. Works on multiple projects solving complex problems. Applies subject matter knowledge on a regular basis. 
 At least 18 years of age 
Legally authorized to work in the United States 
High School Diploma or GED 
T-Mobile requires all employees in this position to be fully vaccinated for COVID-19 prior to starting work. The CDC defines "fully vaccinated" as two weeks after the second dose for Pfizer and Moderna, and two weeks after the single dose of Johnson & Johnson. T-Mobile will require proof of vaccination and consider requests for exemption from this requirement during the offer phase as a reasonable accommodation for medical reasons or sincerely held religious beliefs where the accommodation would not cause T-Mobile undue hardship or pose a direct threat to the health and safety of others. 
5+ years’ experience in developing algorithms models and deploying automated AI solutions 
2+ years’ experience with Natural Language Processing (NLP) related technics 
Experience with AI opensource tools and how to use them 
Experience in working in a distributed and diverse team setting 
Innovation Development: Ability To Develop, Sponsor Or Support The Introduction Of New And Improved Methods, Products, Procedures Or Technologies 
2-4 Years: Prior Experience Working With Identification And Adoption Of New, Emerging, And Advance Technologies 
2-4 Years: Three Years Project Management And Project Implementation Experience 
Strategic Thinking: Ability To Analyze The Organization's Competitive Position By Considering Market And Industry Trends, Existing Customers (Internal And External), And Strengths And Weakness As Compare To Competitors. 
Responsible for researching and evaluation of AI technics, technology and tools for use in conjunction with our 5G network and artificial intelligence. 
Leads AI exploration initiatives and works with fellow developers and/or engineers to defined solutions to enable prototypes and demonstrations to illustrate the AI capabilities and benefits. 
Evaluates new tools and platforms as applicable to enhance our capabilities and improve our customer experiences. 
Assess emerging technologies and opportunities including potential proof of concepts 
Development of end-to-end internal roadmap and align across network business and consumer groups 
Drive industry leading vendors, carriers, and partners to align their roadmaps with T-Mobile’s emerging technology strategies 
Define strategies for the evolution of future technologies to support target network roadmap 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
 
We take equal opportunity seriously—by choice. 
 
T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, religious affiliation, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination, retaliation or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with how we do business and will not be tolerated. T-Mobile Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Technician jobs in Bothell, WA Jobs at T-Mobile in Bothell, WA Senior Technician salaries in Bothell, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from T-Mobile T-Mobile 24,568 reviews T-Mobile U.S. Inc. (NASDAQ: TMUS) is America’s supercharged Un-carrier, delivering an advanced 4G LTE and transformative nationwide 5G ne... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
