
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - New York, NY 10104 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Digitas 182 reviews New York, NY 10104 Digitas 182 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Data & Analysis – Data Scientist
 
Digitas is a highly-caffeinated playground where brilliant minds come together to bring bold, award-winning ideas to life.
 
The Data & Analysis team uses data-driven insights to fuel strategic growth for clients. We believe that data should never exist in a vacuum; instead, it should be put to work to bring the best ideas and stories to our clients.
 
Digitas’ Data Science practice sits within our DNA (Data & Analysis) capability, and develops industry-leading analytical solutions for clients across industries, channels and business functions. We apply a bespoke and cutting-edge arsenal of statistical, analytical and computing techniques to complex data problems at scale, with an emphasis on game-changing—and measureable—business impact. We work in close collaboration with colleagues across all agency disciplines to develop truly innovative, highly effective, data-powered solutions for our clients.
 
To help with this, we’re looking for an outstanding Data Scientist – an intellectually curious and creative problem solver who is willing to tackle the familiar and unfamiliar of all things data, including methods, technologies and applications. Sound like you? Read on.
 
 What you’ll do: 
Our Data Scientists deliver analytic solutions across a wide variety of client applications. We build inferential and predictive models, including machine learning algorithms and AI; we process, integrate and manipulate big data with distributed systems and customer data pipelines; we synthesize results and translate findings into compelling stories that resonate with clients.
 
As a Data Scientist , you’ll address complex marketing and business challenges—from cross-channel media and customer experience optimization to segmentation, targeting and business strategy—by accessing, integrating, manipulating, mining and modeling a wide array of data sources.
 
 Day-to-day, your role includes: 
 
 Translating marketing and business questions into data queries. 
 Using distributed computing systems to access and manipulate big data sources. 
 Conducting exploratory analysis to identify relevant insights and useful transformations. 
 Applying quantitative techniques to uncover latent patterns in the data. 
 Interpreting data, analytical results and visuals to generate conclusions and recommendations. 
 Testing scalable data pipelines or models for real-time applications. 
 Ensuring that analytic tasks and results meet established objectives and timelines. 
 Sharing knowledge and conducting research to advance the collective knowledge and skills of our Data Science practice. 
 
 Digitas 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Digitas in New York, NY Data Scientist salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Digitas Digitas 182 reviews This company knows the important bits (and bytes) about interactive marketing. Digitas provides digital communications and direct marketi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
