
 
 
 
 Taxonomist, Studio Support - Los Angeles, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Taxonomist, Studio Support Netflix 602 reviews Los Angeles, CA Netflix 602 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Los Angeles, California 
Creative Production 
Introduction: 
At Netflix, we strive to be the most engaging entertainment platform and storyteller marketer in the world. A big part of that engagement is the interaction our members have with our content and how they discover a new story they'll love. Behind that discovery is a wealth of creative material - images, clips, trailers, featurettes, synopses, factoids, tags, and genre categorizations - that leads the industry in its scale and utilization. We are evolving and creating internal products to improve the efficiency of creative assets conceptualization, development, production, and deployment for on and off-service title discovery. In this role, you will be responsible for driving the strategy, construction, adoption/migration, maintenance and governance of taxonomies that support these efforts. 
We are seeking a Taxonomist who has experience with and passion for bringing structure to large-scale, disparate databases of production assets that include AV footage, scanning data, and 3D models. Your experience includes implementing best practices and driving adoption of taxonomies. The taxonomies this person develops will support asset metadata that can be both technical and creative in nature. You must be adept at setting up users for success in applying both objective and subjective points of metadata. You will be responsible for scoping, creating, and maintaining data dictionaries, controlled vocabularies, schema governance, and data integrity/enforcement. 
We are looking for someone who has extensive experience developing and maintaining taxonomies for assets created during Live Action and Animated Studio Production. The ideal candidate will be confident in making informed decisions after receiving input and asking for critical feedback from cross-functional partners. They possess the communication skills to successfully advocate for and gain acceptance of new taxonomy-related processes and governance policies. They must be concise, definitive, and convincing in their well-founded recommendations. 
As the Studio Production Taxonomist, you will work closely with our Studio and Product teams to define, develop, maintain and govern a common taxonomy that will allow Netflix to maximize the efficiency of its production assets. You will also partner with Engineering to introduce user-focused, scalable solutions for applying metadata to production assets. 
You are comfortable working in an environment where giving and receiving feedback is the norm and successful teammates do not shy away from difficult conversations. 
Reporting to the Editorial Creative Curation & Taxonomy Manager, this is an exempt role, located in our Los Angeles office. 
Responsibilities include: 
Defining new and developing current taxonomies and metadata related to both the technical and creative attributes for AV, still image and data assets. 
Surveying and interviewing stakeholders and observing current workflows. 
Reconciling disparate taxonomies and metadata across teams. 
Auditing existing taxonomies and improving their efficiency. 
Ensuring metadata is defined such that its integrity will not be compromised by cultural bias. 
Working with subject matter experts to define workflows and standards for metadata application. 
Working closely with engineering partners to identify solution requirements, including intuitive UI for metadata application. 
Evangelizing the importance of the adoption of common taxonomies. 
Working with team experts to develop training materials and sessions. 
Establishing a governance framework for taxonomies. 
Establishing maintenance systems for taxonomies. 
Creating and maintaining documentation to support taxonomies. 
Reviewing other taxonomies and collaborating with Taxonomy Team colleagues. 
Requirements: 
Experience defining and developing taxonomy and metadata schemas 
Experience working with assets created during Live Action and Animation Studio Production and managing them in a DAMS, MAMS or similar systems 
Experience working in a high-volume content environment 
Experience working with systems shared across internal teams and vendors 
Experience establishing a governance system 
Excellent communication skills: written, verbal and presentation 
Able to work with and manage multiple stakeholders expectations and priorities 
Ability to set goals and work independently in a highly cross-functional, non-hierarchical workplace 
Ability to influence across various function groups 
Experience working in a global context 
Familiarity with software development cycles and practices 
Comfortable learning new technologies 
Comfortable in a rapidly changing environment and able to be flexible and resilient 
Nice to Have: 
BS in related fields: Data Management, Computer Science, Library & Information Science 
Experience working with virtual workflow and diagramming software 
Interest in Machine Learning and/or Artificial Intelligence capabilities 
Interest in Information Architecture, User Experience and/or Human Computer Interaction 
Experience with Rights Management 
Experience with Multilingual Taxonomies 
Familiarity with Ontologies 
APPLY NOW 
 Share this listing: 
 LINK COPIED Netflix 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Netflix in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Netflix Netflix 602 reviews Netflix is the world's leading internet entertainment service with over 151 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV se... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
