
 
 
 
 Director, Data Curation - O'Fallon, MO 63368 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Data Curation MasterCard 629 reviews O'Fallon, MO 63368 Temporarily remote Full-time MasterCard 629 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Data Sources team in the Data Strategy & Management organization (Chief Data Office) is responsible for the management, acquisition, ingestion and evaluation of enterprise data and data capabilities, utilized by a wide range of Mastercard product teams.
 
 The Director, Data Curation will have global responsibility for creating and managing enterprise merchant data platforms including leading the construction and integration of new data platforms. Working with the MC Data Warehouse, and recently acquired teams, the candidate will design and implement new data solutions to support enterprise needs.
 
Role
 
 
Director, Data Curation
 
 Develop and implement a strategy to improve and increase our merchant and other commercial entity data. Align that strategy with the development of new products and services that consume that data.
 Coordinate with enterprise initiatives in the management of entity data of various types, aligning it with the merchant data roadmap.
 Lead strategic, platform-based initiatives to improve the quality, accessibility and usefulness of our enterprise data. Scale pilot solutions leveraging cloud and machine learning technology to realize cost savings and improve the services we offer.
 Serve as a corporate subject matter expert on merchant data to support the organization’s product development efforts that leverage that data.
 Work with data platforms and O&T teams to implement required changes to the technology platforms.
 Supervise and improve the operational processes associated with the construction and maintenance of these assets. Develop educational material and train, as needed, on these tools and processes. Maintain and improve merchant data status reporting of improvements and completeness of merchant data. Disseminate and educate others on same. Develop feedback loop from internal users of merchant data, including across the Data Strategy and Management team, and implement required improvements.
 Manage and improve processes for improving and expanding merchant data, including, address standardization and geocoding processes and evaluating and incorporating new merchant data sources to assist in those improvements.
 In partnership with Data Management team, assess quality issues in merchant data and implement feedback loops to acquirers to improve the merchant data submitted through the transaction data stream.
 
All About You
 
 
 Advanced experience working with data products, either in acquisition, development or evaluation
 Bachelor’s degree in science, mathematical, engineering, or technology
 Program management experience
 Ability to communicate to internal and external stakeholders about the value of data; strong written and oral communication skills; ability to present complicated concepts in a clear and cogent manner
 Strong understanding of emerging technologies including but not limited to, cloud architecture, machine learning/AI and Big Data infrastructure
 Strong interpersonal skills; ability to build strong relationships across the enterprise
 Data management or data analytics experience preferred
 Due to COVID-19, most of our employees are working from home. We’ve implemented a virtual hiring process and continue to interview candidates by phone or video and are onboarding new hires remotely. We value the safety of each member of our community because we know we’re all in this together.
 Mastercard is an inclusive Equal Employment Opportunity employer that considers applicants without regard to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, disabled or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 If you require accommodations or assistance to complete the online application process, please contact  reasonable.accommodation@mastercard.com  and identify the type of accommodation or assistance you are requesting. Do not include any medical or health information in this email. The Reasonable Accommodations team will respond to your email promptly. 
 Corporate Security Responsibility 
 
Every person working for, or on behalf of, Mastercard is responsible for information security. All activities involving access to Mastercard assets, information, and networks comes with an inherent risk to the organization and therefore, it is expected that the successful candidate for this position must:
 
 
• Abide by Mastercard’s security policies and practices;
 
• Ensure the confidentiality and integrity of the information being accessed;
 
• Report any suspected information security violation or breach, and
 
• Complete all periodic mandatory security trainings in accordance with Mastercard’s guidelines. MasterCard 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Curator jobs in O&apos;Fallon, MO Jobs at MasterCard in O&apos;Fallon, MO Curator salaries in O&apos;Fallon, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from MasterCard MasterCard 629 reviews Mastercard is a technology company in the global payments industry. We operate the world’s fastest payments processing network, connectin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
