
 
 
 
 Member of Technical Staff (All levels considered) - New Jersey - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Member of Technical Staff (All levels considered) AT&T 39,511 reviews New Jersey Full-time AT&T 39,511 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description In AT&T Labs, we are helping to build the communications networks of the future by creating and driving industry leading innovations and by tackling some of the world’s biggest and richest datasets. We create and drive cutting edge technologies that support AT&T’s advanced networks, ranging from the planning and design of 5G and fiber networks, through to operations intelligence, optimization and automation and value added network services. The challenges that we address inspire exciting technical opportunities in optimization, orchestration, AI, machine learning, data science, network and cloud systems, and network services. 
 
AT&T Labs’ Network Analytics and Automation is looking for passionate and talented technical leaders to join our team. We are looking for unique and exceptional individuals who have a passion to architect, design, develop and drive solutions into our business. Our employees are expected to think big, and to explore, develop software and deliver on ideas and solutions to challenging real-world problems. They are independent thinkers able to lead and drive ideas from concept to operational reality. Successful candidates will work closely with fellow employees and directly with business unit leaders to impact AT&T’s network and services. 
 
Outstanding graduate level candidates at all levels of experience are encouraged to apply. Candidates must demonstrate excellence in network technologies, a collaborative spirit, strong communication skills, excellent software skills and hands-on data analytics experience. Access to real-world systems and data, the ability to work with internal and external collaborators, and the intent of making a big impact by developing solutions that will be used by tens of millions of consumers, and the largest corporations in the world, are some of the reasons AT&T Labs is an exciting place to work. 
 We encourage applications from candidates with experience and strong interest in any of these areas: 
 5G and Next Generation Access Network Technologies and Systems 
 Network Planning, Optimization, AI and Automation 
 Data Science and AI Systems 
 
 Required Qualifications : 
 Candidate shall have a PhD in an approved field from an accredited university, or a Master's degree in an approved field from an accredited university and a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience, or a Bachelor's degree in an approved field from an accredited university and a minimum of 4 years of relevant experience 
 Degree in a relevant technical field, including but not exclusive to: Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Statistics, Machine Learning, Operations Research, Electrical or Electronic Engineering, and Mathematics. 
 Established aptitude for network architecture, software prototyping and development, data science, AI and software systems as demonstrated through software platforms, algorithms, open source contributions, and internship experience. 
 A demonstrated ability to operate independently, with minimal oversight, and proven experience in collaborative work environments with external customers. 
 Accomplished programmer with software expertise with a language primarily relevant to the field (e.g. R, Python, C/C++, and Java). 
 
 Requirements: 
 Your curriculum vitae, including your complete academic and professional histories and your publication record. 
 At least three (3) and up to five (5) references. Your references will be contacted by email and provided with a URL for uploading their reference letter. 
 A statement (up to 2000 words) describing your current technical specialty and your vision for your future work. Feel free to supply any other information helpful in assessing your application. 
 
**Work locations will depend on position offered but can be Bedminster, NJ; Middletown, NJ; Plano, TX; or San Ramon, CA** AT&T 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Entry Level Technical Sales jobs in New Jersey Jobs at AT&T in New Jersey Entry Level Technical Sales salaries in New Jersey Company Info Follow Get job updates from AT&T AT&T 39,511 reviews As the first truly modern media company, our people have been changing how communities live, work and play for over 140 years. Their lega... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
