
 
 
 
 Principal PM Manager - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal PM Manager Microsoft 7,268 reviews United States Full-time Microsoft 7,268 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Does the idea of creating great learning experiences energize you? Are you passionate about Customers and ensuring they have successful experiences adopting technical products and services? Do you love getting into the details to understand problems and finding ways to fix what’s broken? 
Join us as we build the Developer Relations Content and Learning dream team in Azure engineering! We are helping our customers achieve more through our development of quality, technical content that is valued and trustworthy. We delight in bringing our customers the right resources at the right time. 
At Microsoft, our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. The Content & Learning (C&L) organization within the Cloud + AI division plays a critical role in this mission by providing free, first-party technical documentation, interactive training, and solution guidance to individuals around the world, helping people learn, adopt, and use Microsoft technologies to achieve their goals. 
Responsibilities 
We are looking for an experienced and motivated leader to join the Content Operations & Excellence team which enables scale through process and tooling improvements across the organization. This role will lead a cross-functional group of PMs responsible for running org-wide improvements programs focused on reducing defects, improving efficiency, and maturing organizational capability for planning and building the continuous improvement muscle. This role requires Customer-first thinking and using a data-driven approach to collaborate cross-functionally to drive the growth of our technical documentation, interactive training, and solution guidance. 
As the leader within Content Operations and Excellence, you will hire, coach, grow, and partner with technically skilled, internal, and customer-facing content developers and engineers. You are technically capable and credible in your own right as well as effective in shaping your team and their ability to help the greater organization scale and drive success for customers. You enjoy learning and introducing new technology to help colleagues, customers, and partners embrace and adopt new technology. You need to be adept at interacting, communicating, and partnering with other teams as well as representing your team to executive management. Your efforts will accrue to driving customer adoption of Microsoft products for developers, administrators, solutions architects, data scientists, knowledge workers, and other customer segments. 
Additional qualities we are looking for include: 
Energizing to work with and willing to take on any challenge to make a big impact 
Enjoy developing strategies and talent to achieve great things 
Passionate about educating, training, and enabling a diverse set of customers 
Operational Excellence experience 
The responsibilities include: 
Lead and coach a growing team of program managers; create clarity, communicate teams’ vision, strategy and progress to peers, partners, and senior leaders 
Manage the team that defines, builds, and executes programs for improving Content coverage, performance, and internal contribution & authoring processes. 
Build and mature organizational capabilities for unified planning and continuous improvement 
Provide expert guidance, hands-on assistance, best practices, and trainings, establishes team culture with emphasis on customer centricity, quality, removing barriers, and enabling the team to be productive 
Effectively lead planning and execution processes, creating program roadmaps and prioritizing work across team. 
Translate business requirements into a strategy for systems solutions, derive data driven insights, building experiences that empower users to do more. 
Build cross-functional relationships to understand interdependencies with our team and invent new ways to work better together 
Qualifications 
Qualifications: 
4+ years of experience managing a high-performing team, including hiring, developing and retaining talent, building an open diverse and inclusive working environment where everyone feels belonging and welcomed 
5+ years of program, product management or process improvement experience working with multiple stakeholders and ship schedules 
5+ years of experience building programs with a proven ability to measure systems and processes across a timeline to learn and improve 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Fun to work with, a positive attitude, customer empathy, and a passion for cloud computing at Microsoft 
Good organizational skills and an eye for detail 
Ability to drive cross-group problem solving, customer advocacy and ability to apply creativity, critical thinking in a dynamic working environment across content and engineering 
Ability to partner with senior leadership, building relationships across organizational boundaries 
Experience with Change Management including the ability to work with improvement team sponsors to address barriers
 Ability to make independent decisions, self-starter, ability to perform with minimal supervision. 
Excellent written and verbal communication/presentation skills through all levels of the organization, technical and non‐technical 
This organization is looking for candidates who are excited to be a true customer advocate and influence the next generation of technical content for cloud computing at Microsoft. You will be a meaningful part of a growing team that values diversity of thought and recognizes everyone for their personal strengths and desire to learn and grow. If you are a creative, love to learn, passionate about customers and content who can deliver results; C&L in Developer Relations is a great place for you to work. 
#devrelawesomejobs 
#devrelawesomejobsPM 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineering Program Manager jobs in United States Jobs at Microsoft in United States Engineering Program Manager salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,268 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
