
 
 
 
 Data Scientist Statistics - Johnston, RI 02919 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Statistics FM Global 140 reviews Johnston, RI 02919 FM Global 140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Overview: 
FM Global is a leading property insurer of the world's largest businesses, providing more than one-third of FORTUNE 1000-size companies with engineering-based risk management and property insurance solutions. FM Global helps clients maintain continuity in their business operations by drawing upon state-of-the-art loss-prevention engineering and research; risk management skills and support services; tailored risk transfer capabilities; and superior financial strength. To do so, we rely on a dynamic, culturally diverse group of employees, working in more than 100 countries, in a variety of challenging roles. 
 
 
 Responsibilities: 
As a Senior Data Scientist, you will focus on translating business needs into analytics, interpretation of analytics into business applications, advanced technologies and artificial intelligence solutions. This role will provide you with the opportunity to innovate, explore and build solutions for FM Global using emerging technologies. You will develop and apply statistics, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and deep learning to various business problems in loss prevention. 
You’ll be part of our leading-edge and diverse team of sophisticated data and analytics professionals. You’ll work alongside multiple departments including operations, innovation, business technology transformation, underwriting and engineering. Through constant learning, innovation, discovery and collaboration you’ll not only help FM Global deliver on the promise of loss prevention, you’ll also grow your career and the scope of your impact across our company. 
Using your creativity and utilize a vast array of techniques and tools, you will plan, conduct, and direct the development and evaluation of real-world, large-scale problems using artificial intelligence/machine learning with minimal or limited supervision. 
Your projects will be interesting, exciting and challenging! You will use statistics to advance the mission and goals of FM Global. 
 Qualifications: 
Ph.D. in Statistics with preferably 2+ years of experience (or Master’s degree with 10+ years of business experience) 
Proficiency in MS Office Applications including Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access 
Advanced programming skills with modern languages including but not limited to R and Python 
Knowledge of and experience in: 
Linear Models 
Non-Parametric Statistics 
Computer Intensive Statistics 
Generalized Linear Models 
Dependent Data Analysis 
Quality Control 
Multi-Variate Analysis 
Sampling 
Data Mining 
Missing Values 
Hierarchical Models / Multilevel Modeling 
Machine Learning 
Text Analytics 
Expertise in the analysis of data from a variety of sources 
Experience in design, validation and testing of algorithms and systems 
Highly analytical with strong problem-solving skills 
Strong attention to detail 
Strong verbal and written communication skills 
Desire and ability to work well with others in a team environment and across subject areas 
Understanding of and experience in Agile development process is strongly preferred 
General business knowledge related to risk management and/or insurance is a plus 
We offer our employees a wide range of benefits including career long learning opportunities, tuition reimbursement, 401 (k), pension, flexible schedules, rich health and well-being programs, generous time off allowances, volunteer days and so much more! 
FM Global is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to attracting, developing, and retaining a diverse workforce. 
#LI-TA1 FM Global Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Johnston, RI Jobs at FM Global in Johnston, RI Data Scientist salaries in Johnston, RI Company Info Follow Get job updates from FM Global FM Global 140 reviews Established in 1835, FM Global is a mutual insurance company whose capital, scientific research capability and engineering expertise are ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
