
 
 
 
 PeopleSoft Technical Admin (13806) - Chattanooga, TN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search PeopleSoft Technical Admin (13806) Baer Group Chattanooga, TN Remote **Federal client looking for US citizen with ability to obtain Public Trust Clearance** 
 The Baer Group is looking for PeopleSoft Technical Admin for 6+ Months Federal Remote Project. 
 Title:  PeopleSoft Technical Admin 
 Location:  Remote 
 Duration:  6 Months 
 Rate:  All-Inclusive 
 
 Description:
 PeopleSoft technical administrator responsible for ongoing support of multiple environments of PeopleSoft (HCM, Portal, CRM) on Unix/Linux platform.
 Work with client resources and support team to perform activities such as setup, patch, manage and perform day-to-day administration of the environment.
 Solid understanding and experience in MFA technologies.
 Peoplesoft is highly customized in the environment and has multiple bolt-on applications that use Java based technologies. 
 Environment has large number of integrations with multiple technologies – TIBCO, MuleSoft, Informatica etc. Lower environments need to be refreshed periodically from production.
 Troubleshoot, setup users and connectivity etc. 
 
 Requirements: 
 5+ years as a PeopleSoft Technical Admin 
 Experience with MFA (multi factor authentication) technologies
 Individual should have deep understanding of architectures to be able to address security and integration issues. 
 
 Company Overview: 
 The Baer Group is an Enterprise Technology Consulting firm based in Atlanta, GA providing job opportunities with several 1st Tier Global Systems Integrators and a wide array of Fortune 1000 clients. Consultants and Employees of TBG enjoy access to the highest profile job opportunities across leading Enterprise Technology Solutions ranging from Digital Transformation programs utilizing the latest technologies from SAP and Oracle to a wide range of emerging Cloud based infrastructure, application and AI related solutions. 
 The Baer Group prides itself on our ability to work directly with key stakeholders to create the most optimized service experience possible for our consultants and our clients. TBG’s job requirements are carefully vetted and are typically associated with mission critical programs offering tremendous opportunities to expand your skills leveraging the latest solutions available while offering highly competitive market rates. TBG focuses on representing jobs that provide streamlined response to our proposed candidates and a best in class engagement experience. refMONa Baer Group 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Baer Group in Chattanooga, TN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Baer Group Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
