
 
 
 
 Junior Data Analyst - Oklahoma City, OK - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Junior Data Analyst American Fidelity Assurance 153 reviews Oklahoma City, OK American Fidelity Assurance 153 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Department   Sales
 
 Category   Actuarial
 
 City   Oklahoma City
 
 State   OK
 
 Travel 
 Involved   0-10%
 
 Type of 
 Position   Full-Time 
 Plan, implement and execute data mining and predictive modeling related projects to which they are assigned to deliver intended business value propositions, on time and within scope according to agreed upon priorities. The Junior Data Analyst is accountable for working collaboratively with Data Navigators and for the successful delivery of all projects under their supervision. 
 Assist the Sales Executives, Research & Development team, Executive Management, and AFA through the production and maintenance of data and metrics regarding new sales opportunities, demographics, market trends, behavioral economics, and socioeconomic shifts. 
 Responsible for driving business value and presenting findings through actionable insight and opportunity identification as facilitated through comprehensive exploratory, interactive, adaptive, and iterative data mining, machine learning, data science, clustering, artificial intelligence (AI), business intelligence dashboards (BI), and predictive modeling related analysis which have generally high complexity and/or business risk. 
 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 Advanced knowledge of one or more differing statistical programming languages such as SAS, R or Stata. 
 Ability to develop structure and/or program databases specifically within an MS SQL environment, skilled in the utilization of Structured Query Language (SQL) for interacting with data sets. Understanding of data structures and ability to become proficient in mining data structures and lineage in support of data foot printing and inventory techniques. 
 Skilled in Robotic Process Automation tools such as UI Path and Artificial Intelligence tools like Data Robot 
 Skilled in MS Office Suite including MS Access, Excel, PowerPoint, Word and MS SharePoint. 
 Familiarity with the following disciplines;
 Natural Language Processing: Interaction between computers and humans 
 Machine Learning: using computers to improve as well as develop algorithms 
 Conceptual modeling: to be able to share and articulate conceptual approaches to solving business questions/problems 
 Statistical analysis and Predictive modeling 
 Hypothesis testing: design hypothesis, document control and test with appropriate modeling and experimentation 
 Ability to query databases and datasets and perform statistical analysis on enterprise-class database systems. 
 Exceptional presentation skills. 
 Being able to work in a fast-paced multidisciplinary environment as in a competitive landscape new data keeps flowing in rapidly and the world is constantly changing. 
 Strong negotiation skills. 
 Exceptionally strong communication skills, including written, verbal and listening which can be deployed successfully when addressing entry level Colleagues to management to senior executives. This includes the ability to speak confidently in both business and technological surroundings and appropriately transliterate between the two. 
 Exceptional analytical thinking and problem solving skills. 
 Exceptional understanding of business and business strategy. 
 Exceptional planning skills. 
 Exceptional organizational skill and ability to work autonomously. 
 Experience using data visualization tools such as QlikSense or Tableau 
 Innovative curiosity 
 Deep knowledge of Data Science American Fidelity Assurance 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Junior Data Analyst jobs in Oklahoma City, OK Jobs at American Fidelity Assurance in Oklahoma City, OK Junior Data Analyst salaries in Oklahoma City, OK Company Info Follow Get job updates from American Fidelity Assurance American Fidelity Assurance 153 reviews American Fidelity Assurance Company is a supplemental benefits provider with a focus on offering a different opinion for Customers in edu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
