
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Philadelphia, PA 19103 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Carpenter Technology 224 reviews Philadelphia, PA 19103 Full-time Carpenter Technology 224 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Carpenter Technology Corporation  is a leader in the development, manufacture and distribution of cast/wrought and powder metal stainless steels and specialty alloys including high temperature (iron-nickel-cobalt base), stainless, superior corrosion resistant, controlled expansion alloys, ultra high strength and implantable alloys, tool and die steels, and other specialty metals as well as cast/wrought titanium alloys. We provide materials solutions to the ever changing needs of the automotive, aerospace/ defense, energy, industrial, medical, and consumer products industries. Since it is all about innovation at Carpenter, we are continuing to grow and develop our business strategies.
 Position summary
 Carpenter Technology is looking for an experienced data scientist to train, validate, and manage machine learning solutions to expedite its digital transformation. You will be responsible for the entirety of ML model suite that address quality issues across the Carpenter production and process for all the business lines. You will be also supporting our R&D for product development with building ML simulation models. With 130+ years industry leadership in specialty alloy products for EOM applications and additive manufacturing, Carpenter is harnessing industry 4.0 to drive next generation innovation. If you are entrepreneurial minded data scientist with passion for solving business problems with quantifiable bottom to develop competitive edge in the industry and to tackle challenging problems as part of a fast-moving team, we want to meet you.
 Location
 Philadelphia, PA
 
Pittsburgh, PA
 
Huntsville, AL
 Primary responsibilities
 Apply data science techniques to massive structured / unstructured data sets across multiple environments in order to discover patterns and solve strategic / tactical business problems – process improvement, yield improvement, and product development.
 Build statistical and machine learning models for detecting root causes in process and yield variability. Machine learning algorithms will be exercised are – Logit, probit, complementary log-log regression, Random Forest, GBMs such as XGBoost, AdaBoost, CatBoost, LightGBM, RusBoost, AveBoost, ORBoost, SMOTEBoost, etc., Support Vector Machines, KNNs, MLP Neural Net, Convolutional Neural Net. Statistical models will be exercised are – General Linear Model, Generalized Linear Model, Multivariate Regression, Survival Models, Stepwise Logistic Regression, and Non-Parametric Models.
 Develop prescriptions with actionable and controllable recipes for critical process variables from model parameters with baseline performance and estimated performance upon implementation of model prescriptions.
 Design and conduct experiment for observational data to identify the factors associated with cost of poor quality and process variability – Randomized, Randomized Block, Latin Square, and Full factorial and apply appropriate general linear models such as Fixed effect, Random Effect, Mixed Effect Models to derive ANOVA, ANCOVA, MANOVA, and MANCOVA.
 Build process simulation model to identify optimal critical process path using both chaotic dynamic and stochastic process simulation such as Hidden Gauss-Markov and Monte-Carlo Simulation.
 Develop anomaly detection models such as iForest, Local Outlier Factor, GMM, one class SVM, etc. to identify anomalous behavior in critical process inputs for both batch and stream processing.
 Manage machine learning model life cycle through documentation, version control, model presentation, model audit, back testing, forward testing, benchmarking with the help of performance metrics.
 Communicate and democratize model findings very clearly and precisely with stakeholders such as market leads, metallurgists, R&D and senior business leaders.
 Drive the collection, cleansing, processing, and analysis of new and existing data sources
 Report findings through appropriate outputs and visualizations tailored for the intended audiences
 Learn and stay current on analytics developments in one or more business domains: Internet of Things, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, Forecasting, Marketing and Sales, Pricing, etc.
 Learn and stay current on developments in one or more analytics domains: Operations Research, Machine Learning, Deep Learning / AI, Simulation, etc.
 Generate innovative ideas, establish new research directions, and shape the information strategy in support of technical projects and new product developments
 Collaborate with new, cross-functional teams on accelerated projects to scale data architecture, build digital products, and execute data science solutions
 Requirements & skills
 MS/PhD in computer science, mathematics, statistics, operations research, or related field
 5+ years of experience in data science, analytics, and model building roles
 Proficiency programming in Python, R, Julia, MATLAB, and SAS
 Strong knowledge of other programming languages and analysis tools (e.g. Scala, Java, Ruby, , JavaScript, shell scripting)
 Proficiency in big data frameworks and tools (e.g. Hadoop, Spark, MapReduce, Hive, Pig, Luigi/Airflow, Kafka, Data streaming, NoSQL, SQL)
 Familiarity with cloud-based solutions (e.g. Azure, AWS EMR)
 Proficiency in consuming REST based API with JSON payload preferred
 Strong practical knowledge of analytical techniques and methodologies (e.g. machine learning, segmentation, mix and time series modeling, response modeling, lift modeling, experimental design, neural networks, data mining, optimization techniques)
 Strong understanding of data profiling and data cleansing techniques
 Natural curiosity and passion for empirical research and problem solving
 Strong written and verbal communications skills, including with senior business leaders
 Experience working with remote colleagues and teams
 US citizen or green card holder (due to compliance requirements)
 Carpenter Technology Company offers a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package including life, medical, dental, vision, flexible spending accounts, disability coverage, 401k with company contributions as well as many other options to employees.
 Carpenter Technology Corporation’s policy is to fully and effectively maintain a program of equal employment opportunity and nondiscrimination for all employees, to employ affirmative action for all protected classes, and to recruit and develop the best qualified persons available regardless of age, race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, national origin, political affiliation or any other characteristic protected by law. The Company also will recruit, develop and provide opportunities for qualified persons with disabilities and protected veterans. Carpenter Technology Today original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Philadelphia, PA Jobs at Carpenter Technology in Philadelphia, PA Data Scientist salaries in Philadelphia, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Carpenter Technology Carpenter Technology 224 reviews Carpenter Technology Corporation (NYSE: CRS) is a recognized leader in high-performance specialty alloy-based materials and process solut... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
