
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Research Associate - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 information By using Indeed you agree to our new  Privacy Policy ,  Cookie Policy  and  Terms , which we encourage you to review. OK Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Research Associate Northeastern University 623 reviews Boston, MA Full-time Northeastern University 623 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job no:  507814 
 Position Type:  Staff 
 Location:  Boston Main Campus 
 Categories:  College of Engineering 
 
 About Northeastern: 
 
Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning. Our world-renowned experiential approach empowers our students, faculty, alumni, and partners to create impact far beyond the confines of discipline, degree, and campus. 
 
Our locations—in Boston; Charlotte, North Carolina; London; Portland, Maine; San Francisco; Seattle; Silicon Valley; Toronto; Vancouver; and the Massachusetts communities of Burlington and Nahant—are nodes in our growing global university system. Through this network, we expand opportunities for flexible, student-centered learning and collaborative, solutions-focused research. 
 
Northeastern’s comprehensive array of undergraduate and graduate programs— in a variety of on-campus and online formats—lead to degrees through the doctorate in nine colleges and schools. Among these, we offer more than 195 multi-discipline majors and degrees designed to prepare students for purposeful lives and careers. 
 
 About the Opportunity: 
 
Professor Yanzhi Wang in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Northeastern University is seeking a Postdoctoral Research Associate with research experience and related publication record on hardware acceleration and machine learning. For more information: https://web.northeastern.edu/yanzhiwang/ 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
Performs basic or applied research of a limited scope, primarily using existing theories and methods. Assists the supervisor in the interpretation and publication of results and grants. Maintains the laboratory and may exercise functional supervision over supporting research staff. Primary responsibility is ensuring that the research is complete. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
Must have a Ph.D. or equivalent; be able to undertake substantially full-time research or scholarship; work under the supervision of a senior scholar. Strong research and publication background on embedded systems, computer architecture, and efficient AI systems. Past experience supervising research of students. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
Salary Grade: 
 
 10 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
Northeastern University is an equal opportunity employer, seeking to recruit and support a broadly diverse community of faculty and staff. Northeastern values and celebrates diversity in all its forms and strives to foster an inclusive culture built on respect that affirms inter-group relations and builds cohesion. 
 
All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
 
To learn more about Northeastern University’s commitment and support of diversity and inclusion, please see  www.northeastern.edu/diversity . 
 
 
 Advertised:  15 Sep 2021 Eastern Daylight Time 
 Applications close: Northeastern University Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Northeastern University in Boston, MA Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Northeastern University Northeastern University 623 reviews At Northeastern, experience is our essence and ethos. It’s what you gain when you make the world your classroom, your laboratory, and you... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
