
 
 
 
 Quantitative Model Analyst-Fraud Validation (Telecommute) - Minneapolis, MN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Quantitative Model Analyst-Fraud Validation (Telecommute) U.S. Bank 9,645 reviews Minneapolis, MN Remote Full-time U.S. Bank 9,645 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors.
 Job Description
 Creates, validates, tests, documents, implements, and/or oversees usage of complex statistical models. The models may cover a variety of products, services, and/or uses; however, all models are used as part of the financial decision making process. Specific responsibilities focus on evaluating and documenting the creation and/or testing of advanced quantitative models and communicating outcomes to stakeholders within the Bank. Deliverables include the creation of validation documentation such as: presentations, written reports, model or reporting code documentation, business requirements, monitoring reports and related code, and procedures.
 ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
 1. Perform complex mathematical analysis utilizing various statistical methods or techniques. Areas of focus are models using various regression techniques, parametric and non-parametric algorithms, times series techniques, AI-ML techniques and other statistical models.
 
2. Retrieves, analyzes and interprets data from various sources (internal and external). Aggregates and creates data from different databases to facilitate statistical/econometric analysis for development or validation. Performs ad hoc analysis used for statistical/econometric analysis as required.
 
3. Evaluates and interprets findings from statistical analyses performed for communication to senior and executive level management in written and verbal form.
 
4. Prepares and communicates statistical analysis and findings to audit and regulatory examiners.
 
5. Reads, understands, and interprets regulatory rules and guidance related to the models under development and/or being reviewed/validated. In addition, quantitative resource should have an understanding of the business product or structure to ensure models capture key business elements and risks.
 
6. Ability to understand and use various programming languages to identify, investigate and resolve data and programming issues. 
 
Basic Qualifications
 
 Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field, and 10 or more years of experience in statistical modeling OR
 Master's or PhD degree in a quantitative field, and six or more years of experience in statistical modeling
 Preferred Skills/Experience
 
 Advanced understanding of applicable laws, regulations, financial services, and regulatory trends that affect assigned line of business
 Strong statistical modeling and machine learning background based on technical training or advanced education in a quantitative field
 Considerable knowledge of various regression techniques, parametric and non-parametric algorithms, times series techniques, AI-ML techniques and other statistical models, various model validation tests/methodologies, using Python, SAS or similar statistical package
 Strong data compilation, programming skills and qualitative analysis skills
 Experience working with fraud models highly desired.
 Advanced knowledgeable of quantitative and qualitative risk factors, industry risks, competition risks, and risk management approaches
 Demonstrated independence, team work and leadership skills
 Strong project management skills
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills
 Benefits:
 
Take care of yourself and your family with U.S. Bank employee benefits. We know that healthy employees are happy employees, and we believe that work/life balance should be easy to achieve. That's why we share the cost of benefits and offer a variety of programs, resources and support you need to bring your full self to work and stay present and committed to the people who matter most - your family.
 Learn all about U.S. Bank employee benefits, including tuition reimbursement, retirement plans and more, by visiting usbank.com/careers .
 EEO is the Law
 
Applicants can learn more about the company’s status as an equal opportunity employer by viewing the federal EEO is the Law poster.
 E-Verify
 U.S. Bank participates in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security E-Verify program in all facilities located in the United States and certain U.S. territories. The E-Verify program is an Internet-based employment eligibility verification system operated by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. Learn more about the E-Verify program . U.S. Bank 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Quantitative Analyst jobs in Minneapolis, MN Jobs at U.S. Bank in Minneapolis, MN Quantitative Analyst salaries in Minneapolis, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from U.S. Bank U.S. Bank 9,645 reviews U.S. Bancorp (NYSE: USB) is a diversified financial services holding company and parent company of U.S. Bank, the nation's fifth largest ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
