
 
 
 
 Atmospheric Scientist - College Park, MD 20740 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Atmospheric Scientist Earth Resources Technology, Inc 20 reviews College Park, MD 20740 Full-time Earth Resources Technology, Inc 20 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Position Description 
Will support tasks at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s (NOAA) National Weather Service (NWS) at the National Center for Weather and Climate Prediction in College Park, MD. Will develop post-processing and statistical algorithms, including AI, for enhancing the US operational outlooks and for sub seasonal timescales, i.e., Week 2 and Week 3-4. Will focus on the National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) Global Ensemble Forecast System; NCEP Climate Forecast System; and, multi-model ensembles including operational models from ECMWF and ECCC, for sub seasonal-to-seasonal climate prediction. Duties include but are not limited to:
 Processing and evaluating model forecasts of relevant variables, including use of METplus verification software.
 Implementation of promising real-time forecast tools and products in the NCEP/ Climate Prediction Center (CPC) operational environment.
 Will be an integral part of the government working groups for related ongoing and upcoming projects. Will work closely with a diverse team of scientists at NOAA agencies.
 Required Skills 
Experience developing tools for sub-seasonal to seasonal (S2S) forecasting. Strong programming capabilities in Python, MATLAB, Fortran, and Unix scripting to process and analyze observational and dynamical model data. Understanding of climate processes and indices. Must be proficient in backend image rendering technologies (Matplotlib, GrADS, NCL, etc.). Must be comfortable working both independently and as part of a team. Experience in processing global model outputs; solid knowledge in statistical analysis of atmospheric-oceanic phenomena; and, sound software development practices including version control and change-management protocols. 
 
Must be a US Citizen or Permanent Resident and be able to pass a background investigation to obtain a security badge to enter the applicable government facility. 
 
Desired 
 
 Strong understanding of statistics. 
 Interest in forecast operations. 
 
 Education 
MS in Atmospheric Science, Meteorology, related degree, or equivalent. PhD preferred. Earth Resources Technology, Inc 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in College Park, MD Jobs at Earth Resources Technology in College Park, MD Scientist salaries in College Park, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from Earth Resources Technology, Inc 20 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
