
 
 
 
 Analyst, Quantitative ESG Research - New York, NY 10041 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Analyst, Quantitative ESG Research S&P Global 1,358 reviews New York, NY 10041 $83,200 - $190,100 a year S&P Global 1,358 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $83,200 - $190,100 a year Full Job Description Grade (relevant for internal applicants only):  11
 
 The Location:  New York City, Boston, London, Zurich
 
S&P Global Sustainable1’s ESG Research team is looking for a Quantitative Analyst to i) support the development of its ESG rating framework and ii) publish market-facing research, demonstrating the value of ESG to our clients in the financial industry and beyond. This role offers a unique chance to work at the forefront of innovation in the field of sustainable finance, and to shape S&P Global’s research and product offering in this space.
 
 The Role: 
 
 This role will contribute S&P Global’s quantitative ESG research capabilities, alongside a growing team of quantitative researchers, modelers, data scientists, & sustainability specialists 
 The role will require frequent collaboration with specialists across S&P Global, but also the ability to work independently with a strong sense of ownership and accountability for deadlines and deliverables 
 
 Compensation/Benefits Information (US Applicants Only): 
S&P Global states that the anticipated base salary range for this position is $83,200 to $190,100. Base salary ranges may vary by geographic location.
 
In addition to base compensation, this role is eligible for an annual incentive plan.
 
This role is eligible to receive additional S&P Global benefits. For more information on the benefits we provide to our employees, visit https://www.spgbenefitessentials.com/newhires.
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Demonstrate, through research and thought leadership, how ESG data can be integrated into the investment decision making process 
 Present the results of studies and research to a broad group of senior ESG leads across S&P Global 
 Represent quantitative ESG research at S&P Global in front of clients, at conferences, etc. 
 Work with product development teams on enhancing current ESG products across S&P Global’s ESG capabilities 
 Explore the integration of alternative data sets from across S&P Global into the firm’s ESG research methodologies 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Degree in finance, economics, statistics or other quantitative discipline 
 Knowledge of programming languages such as Python, R, Matlab etc. 
 Understanding of financial markets, portfolio and index construction 
 
 Preferred: 
 
 PhD in economics, finance, statistics 
 5+ years of quantitative research in the financial industry 
 Understanding of the ratings and information industry 
 Experience in ESG research 
 Strong interest in sustainability topics 
 Interest in maturing technologies such as Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence or Natural Language Processing 
 
S&P Global has a Securities Disclosure and Trading Policy (“the Policy”) that seeks to mitigate conflicts of interest by monitoring and placing restrictions on personal securities holding and trading. The Policy is designed to promote compliance with global regulations. In some Divisions, pursuant to the Policy’s requirements, candidates at S&P Global may be asked to disclose securities holdings. Some roles may include a trading prohibition and remediation of positions when there is an effective or potential conflict of interest. Employment at S&P Global is contingent upon compliance with the Policy.
 
S&P Global is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race/ethnicity, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other status protected by law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment.
 
If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEO.Compliance@spglobal.com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person.
 
The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal law.
 
#LI-MB1
 
20 - Professional (EEO-2 Job Categories-United States of America), RESECH202.2 - Middle Professional Tier II (EEO Job Group), SWP Priority – Ratings - (Strategic Workforce Planning)
 
 Job ID:  263742
 Posted On:  2021-09-14
 Location:  New York, New York, United States S&P Global 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Quantitative Analyst jobs in New York, NY Jobs at S&P Global in New York, NY Quantitative Analyst salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from S&P Global S&P Global 1,358 reviews At S&P Global, we don’t give you intelligence—we give you essential intelligence. The essential intelligence you need to make decisions w... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
