
 
 
 
 Research Associate/Senior Research Associate - Illinois - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Associate/Senior Research Associate University of Illinois Springfield 77 reviews Illinois Full-time University of Illinois Springfield 77 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Research Associate/Senior Research Associate 
 Discovery Partners Institute 
 University of Illinois System - Chicago 
 Search Extended
 The Discovery Partners Institute provides a platform for people to jumpstart their tech careers or companies in Chicago. Led by the University of Illinois System in partnership with local and global research universities, DPI does three things: tech talent development, applied R&D, and business development. DPI prepares students and workers to step into high-demand tech jobs. It also builds research teams helps them to identify and pursue new funding opportunities. With state investment and a new urban innovation district in development just south of the Chicago Loop, DPI has the resources to attract, develop and leverage the most ambitious people and companies the region has to offer - and keep them here. 
 DPI invites nominations and applications for the position of Research Associate/Senior Research Associate. This role offers an opportunity to help shape and drive one of DPI's core missions: Research & Development (R&D). They are expected to participate in research project design, development and execution through the production of independent research and by taking ownership of sub-projects within large multi-faceted R&D efforts. They should provide creative ideas and direction for their assigned projects and are expected to take initiative. Topics for research will vary but will be primarily related to computing and may include a range of approaches including AI/ML, IoT, cloud-based computing, statistics, simulations, and cybersecurity. DPI is especially interested in supporting research that is grounded in practice and has commercialization potential. 
 Research Associates must demonstrate independence in executing a particular research effort. They must be familiar with data collection, data analysis, programming (one or more languages), have subject-matter expertise in one or more areas, and have good verbal and written communication abilities necessary to produce scholarly work in scientific conferences as well as produce results that meet the professional demands of the industrial sectors. Research Associates are expected to work closely with both our internal R&D team members as well as collaborators in University of Illinois and with other DPI partner institutions. 
 Additional responsibilities include: 
 
 Duties:
 Perform original research resulting in principles and methods, as well as development tools and artifacts and other forms of intellectual property, and document them in scientific publications 
 Help to prepare research proposals to federal, state, non-profits, and industry partners 
 Work collaboratively with DPI Research Scientists, staff, and external researchers to produce independent research. 
 Plan, coordinate, implement and perform research using scientific methodologies in an efficient and ethical manner 
 Additional duties as required 
 Qualifications:
 Education and Experience 
 Candidates must possess a minimum of an M.S. degree or equivalent in a computing related field. A Ph.D. is preferred. Candidates that are closer to completion ("all but dissertation") are encouraged to send inquiries or apply. 
 Minimum of two years of experience in performing research in a university or corporate research lab for Research Associates. Minimum of four years of experience for Senior Research Associates. 
 Expertise in basic scientific methodology, data collection, and analysis 
 Proficient with one or more programming languages 
 The candidate should have an in-depth knowledge of a particular research area in computing with relevant publication experience 
 Demonstrate good verbal and written communication abilities 
 Possess and apply advanced knowledge of research principles, concepts, practices, and methods. 
 Experience in participating in externally funded research projects preferred. 
 Work well in a dynamic start-up like environment. 
 
 This is a full-time, 12-month Academic Professional position. For full consideration, candidates must apply and submit a letter of application, resume, and names/addresses/phone numbers of three professional references by  September 21, 2021  at https://uajobs.hr.uillinois.edu/. 
 The System Office conducts background checks on all job candidates upon acceptance of a contingent offer of employment. Background checks will be performed in compliance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act. The University of Illinois System requires candidates selected for hire to disclose any documented finding of sexual misconduct or sexual harassment and to authorize inquiries to current and former employers regarding findings of sexual misconduct or sexual harassment. For more information, visit https://www.hr.uillinois.edu/cms/One.aspx?portalId=4292&pageId=1411899 
 System Human Resource Services 
 (312) 996-5130 
erhr@uillinois.edu 
 The System Office is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer dedicated to building a community of excellence, equity and diversity. The System Offices welcome applications from women, underrepresented minorities, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual minority groups and other candidates who will lead and contribute to the diversification and enrichment of ideas and perspectives. 
 Close Date:
 09/21/2021 University of Illinois Springfield 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Associate jobs in Illinois Jobs at University of Illinois Springfield in Illinois Research Associate salaries in Illinois Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Illinois Springfield 77 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
