
 
 
 
 Business Development Director - Air Force / U.S. Space Force - California - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Development Director - Air Force / U.S. Space Force General Dynamics Information Technology 7,609 reviews California Remote $180,000 - $270,000 a year General Dynamics Information Technology 7,609 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $180,000 - $270,000 a year Full Job Description Travel Required:  25-50% 
 Requisition Type:  Regular 
 GDIT is seeking a Business Development Executive to lead our U.S. Space Force growth strategy and contribute across GDIT’s broader USAF Business Development initiatives. This growth strategy will include pursuing new initiatives as well as driving organic growth through existing or enterprise contracts and vehicles. You will need to have a proven record of successfully closing business on large and strategic DoD opportunities, and an ability to work collaboratively as part of the larger GDIT Defense Division. A demonstrated intimacy across the DoD’s space stakeholder organizations and in particular an understanding of the DoD’s emerging strategy for the Space Force as well as DoD Enterprise initiatives (e.g., the DoD Cloud Strategy; JADC2 etc.) is also required to perform this role. 
This position provides an outstanding opportunity for you to perform a leadership role in developing the GDIT growth strategy as an individual contributor as we work with the DoD to enable their expanding space missions. You will apply the breadth of resources available across our organization to critical technology and mission challenges. The breadth of our portfolio and the scale of our company ensure that this role can absorb new challenges and responsibilities as our business and mission-impact expands. 
This position can be Remote with periodic travel. 
Duties include but are not limited to: 
Collaborate with GDIT senior growth and delivery executives to develop, execute, and refine the market’s growth strategy, in alignment with GDIT’s overall strategic plans 
Develop and maintain high quality relationships with customers and partners, including next generation technology vendors. 
Engage with these customers, partners, and other DoD stakeholders to identify and qualify new business opportunities. 
Shape opportunities and our position throughout the opportunity life cycle. 
Formulate and support the communication and implementation of an integrated business development, capture and proposal strategy that clearly highlights GDIT’s value proposition and discriminators, and provides customers a clear and defensible justification for selecting GDIT for award. 
Establish value added teaming strategies and competitive pricing structures to create a profitable return at a winning cost. 
Lead, develop, and execute an account growth strategy in coordination with Business Area and Sector Growth leadership 
Leads the identification of new business opportunities that support the account plan, Group growth goals, and submit targets, throughout the opportunity life cycle 
Develop, maintain, and updates the pipeline of new opportunities for assigned Group or market segment 
Executes call plans to collect information about particular opportunities; in collaboration with technical staff, proposes and tests potential solutions; and qualifies opportunities 
Prepare for and present opportunities for bid decisions and pipeline reviews 
Lead the early development of win strategies during Identification phase, prior to assignment of a Capture Manager 
Must be able to travel up to 25-50% of the time 
Education
 BS/BA in a business, marketing, or technology related concentration; Masters preferred 
Qualifications
 10+ years of hands-on experience in Business Development, with at least 8 years in the DoD/USAF markets 
Extensive background developing business focused on one or more of IT Services, Cloud, Network Operations, Lifecycle SW development, Cyber, and/or AI solutions, and DoD mission focused program support offerings (e.g., ISR). 
Demonstrated ability to grow and win business within DoD 
Experience with DoD budget, investments and acquisition processes. 
Active DoD Secret required; Top Secret with SCI eligibility preferred. 
 The likely salary range for this position is $180,000 - $270,000, this is not, however, a guarantee of compensation or salary; rather, salary will be set based on experience, geographic location and possibly contractual requirements and could fall outside of this range.
 View information about benefits and our total rewards program.
 We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done. 
 
GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class. General Dynamics Information Technology 13 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Business Development jobs in California Jobs at General Dynamics Information Technology in California Director of Business Development salaries in California Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Dynamics Information Technology General Dynamics Information Technology 7,609 reviews We are GDIT. The people supporting and securing some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the countr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
