
 
 
 
 Senior Software Engineer, Machine Learning, Nest Energy Algorithms - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Engineer, Machine Learning, Nest Energy Algorithms Google 3,932 reviews Mountain View, CA Full-time Google 3,932 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience. 
 5 years of experience with software development in one or more programming languages, and with data structures/algorithms. 
 3 years of experience testing, maintaining and/or launching software products, and 1 year of experience with software design and architecture. 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Master's degree or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field. 
 3 years of experience with machine learning algorithms and tools (e.g., TensorFlow), artificial intelligence, deep learning and/or natural language processing. 
 1 year of experience in a technical leadership role. 
 Experience developing accessible technologies. 
 Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go. 
 Familiarity with traditional signal processing and machine learning algorithms. 
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 
Nest Thermostats have helped save 41B kWh since 2011, which is enough to power 3.9M American homes for a year. We also partner with utility companies to help customers coordinate their use to reduce impact on the energy grid. 
 The Nest Intelligence team develops algorithms that make our products smart and helpful, through sensing, machine perception, control systems, pattern recognition, or preference learning.
 The Nest Energy Intelligence team develops solutions that delight customers, reduce household energy use, and help the grid use more clean energy. You will help expand the flexibility and scope of our algorithms and, by extension, the impact we can make. This work includes understanding home thermal performance, modeling device behavior, and estimating optimal control solutions.
 
Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Devices & Services team combines the best of Google AI, Software, and Hardware to create radically helpful experiences for users. We research, design, and develop new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, seamless, and more powerful. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, the Devices & Services team is making people's lives better through technology. 
Responsibilities 
 Develop models and systems to rapidly estimate and update control solutions for millions of thermostats based on historical data, real-time conditions, and forecasts. 
 Develop classification models based on sparse user actions and rich time series data. 
 Define algorithm performance metrics, optimize training and evaluation processes, and investigate how our metrics can better predict customer experiences. 
 Work with teams across Google including research to find new technical solutions, data sources, and synergies. 
 Work with cross-functional partners to understand technology needs and define internal feature requirements and roadmaps. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form. Google 13 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Google in Mountain View, CA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,932 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
