
 
 
 
 Full/Assoc/Asst Professor for Artificial Intelligence - Gainesville, FL 32611 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Full/Assoc/Asst Professor for Artificial Intelligence University of Florida 1,131 reviews Gainesville, FL 32611 University of Florida 1,131 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Tenure track Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION 
You Belong at a University that’s Leading the Wa y 
The College of Design, Construction and Planning (DCP) at the University of Florida (UF) invites applications for three 9-month open-rank tenure-track faculty (Full Prof/Assoc/Asst) positions under the theme of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in the Built Environment. Successful candidates will have expertise in either of the following areas: (1)  Automated Design and Construction (Automation in Design or Construction Automation and Robotics) ; and (2)  Smart and Resilient Built Environments . These positions are part of a major new $70 million collaborative initiative by UF (https://ai.ufl.edu/) to build on its strengths as an international model for AI research, education and the ethical advancement of society. This includes access to the most powerful AI supercomputer in academia (https://www.rc.ufl.edu/services/hipergator/), and collaboration with innovators in AI technology and its many applications (https://news.ufl.edu/2020/07/nvidia-partnership/). 
Artificial Intelligence in the College of Design, Construction and Planning
 DCP offers an established environment of influential research and development of AI solutions for the built environment that stretches over four decades. The college currently includes three recipients of the prestigious  ASCE Computing in Civil Engineering Award  (a record unmatched by any other academic institution) honoring contributions to computing research, education, and service – a significant component of this work is in the field of AI. AI expertise within the college spans all its disciplines. Current AI interests among the college’s faculty include: 
ACOUSTIC MODELING: Architectural and environmental testing and applications. 
BUILT ENVIRONMENT RESILIENCE: Health, emergency response, environmental data processing. 
ADAPTIVE AI: Resilient human-centered environmental planning and adaption. 
GENERATIVE DESIGN & DIGITAL FABRICATION: Project layout design. Fabrication-informed design fabrication. 
BUILDING ENERGY MODELING: Urban energy modeling. Building energy performance based on predictor variables. Transient heat flow through composite structures. 
BUILDING AND OTHER STRUCTURES DIAGNOSTICS: System leaks diagnosis. Envelope failures. HVAC mechanical systems failure. Truck-bridge weigh-in-motion for fatigue crack growth estimation. Lowest flow elevations. 
AUTOMATION AND ROBOTICS: Human Robot Interaction (Co-Robotics). Production line resource and task allocation. Agent based simulation modeling with complex emergent behavior. Productivity assessment. 
BUILDING OCCUPANT BEHAVIOR: Fire evacuation using agent-based modeling. Building energy conservation using agent-based modeling. 
PREDICTIVE MODELING: Budget contingency mark-up. Predicting blast wave peak pressure and impulse on buildings. 
EDUCATION AND TRAINING: Construction education. Construction safety training. 
INTEGRATED DESIGN-CONSTRUCTION: Agent-based collaborative design. Managing change and dependency in construction projects. Semantic integration of construction projects. 
IMAGE RECOGNITION: Construction automation. Construction safety. Object classification. Sentiment analysis. 
The University of Florida and the College of Design, Construction and Planning 
UF, founded in 1853, is one of the state's oldest academic institutions and among the nation's most academically diverse public universities. It was recently ranked 6th among U.S. public universities and belongs to the prestigious Association of American Universities (AAU). UF is one of the largest institutions of higher learning in the country with more than 100 undergraduate majors offered in 16 colleges and more than 52,000 students. 
Established in 1925, DCP is a preeminent college of design, construction, and planning. The Fall 2020 enrollment is over 1,700 students: 1200 undergraduates and 500 graduate students (including 100+ PhD students). The College has over 100 fulltime faculty members in addition to its academic, research, and administrative support staff. DCP is well equipped to address the major challenges posed by rapid technological advances, changing workforce skills and demands, demographic changes, and the need for synergy between the built and natural environments. 
DCP’s Commitment to Diversity 
Diversity and inclusion enrich our institution and the DCP community, and we value the unique viewpoints a diverse group of colleagues provides. Achieving a top tier university ranking means we make it a priority to employ and work with people from many backgrounds, cultures, abilities, and ethnicities to discover new ways to leverage technology for research, education, and the ethical advancement of society expected of a comprehensive land-grant institution. 
AI@UF 
JOB QUALIFICATIONS 
The Opportunity 
The successful candidates should hold a relevant PhD or terminal degree and will have a tenure home in one of the following college units:  Architecture, Construction Management, Interior Design, Landscape Architecture,  or  Urban and Regional Planning . A joint appointment between these units is possible. Competitive candidates should have demonstrated innovative research and education interests in one of the two following areas: 
Automated Design and Construction (Automation in Design or Construction Automation and Robotics), including but not limited to: 
Use of AI to anticipate and improve generative and parametric design & construction; 
Intelligent agents & distributed AI in design; 
Synthesis & integration of design, fabrication, & erection information; 
Construction robotics and human-robot team interactions. 
 2. Smart and Resilient Built Environments, including but not limited to: 
Use of AI to anticipate & improve resilience of human, built & natural environments; 
Advanced data analytics in the design & planning of environmental systems; 
Emergent hazards & adaptive responses to climate change-induced problems; 
Human-in-the-loop AI. 
Successful candidates will be positioned as key collaborators within DCP and take an active role in the burgeoning university-wide network of AI faculty. In addition to developing close interactions with existing faculty, centers, and initiatives within DCP, these new AI hires will seek to build strong AI-centered collaborations with other colleges and entities at UF, as well as national and international centers of excellence. These positions will require applicants to maintain active scholarship: producing peer-reviewed scholarship, securing externally funded research, and directing graduate and undergraduate research and advisement. 
INSTRUCTIONS 
Applications will be accepted until both positions are filled. Interested applicants are encouraged to apply at http://apply.interfolio.com/82174. To ensure full consideration, the required documents should be submitted by January 15, 2021 when the Search Committee will begin reviewing applications and will continue until the positions are filled. A completed application should include a CV, letter of interest, research agenda/portfolio, and names and contact information for a minimum of three references (the references will not be contacted prior to receiving permission from applicants). 
For additional information, contact Margaret Portillo, Ph.D., Search Committee Chair (mportill@ufl.edu), or Ian Flood, Ph.D., Search Committee Co-Chair (flood@ufl.edu). Dr. Portillo is happy to address queries on the position and search process. Questions on the evolving AI initiatives in the college and on the UF campus can be directed to Dr. Flood. 
Final candidate will be required to provide official transcript to the hiring department upon hire. A transcript will not be considered “official” if a designation of “Issued to Student” is visible. Degrees earned from an education institution outside of the United States are required to be evaluated by a professional credentialing service provider approved by National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES), which can be found at http://www.naces.org/. 
The University of Florida is an equal opportunity institution dedicated to building a broadly diverse and inclusive faculty and staff. If an accommodation due to a disability is needed to apply for this position, please call  352/392-2477  or the Florida Relay System at 800/955-8771 (TDD). Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the US. Searches are conducted in accordance with Florida's Sunshine Law. 
 
OPEN DATE 
Dec 17, 2020 
CLOSE DATE 
Open Until Filled 
LOCATION 
Gainesville, Florida 
UNIT 
College of Design, Construction & Planning University of Florida 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Gainesville, FL Jobs at University of Florida in Gainesville, FL Associate Professor salaries in Gainesville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Florida 1,131 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
