
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Co-op - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Co-op PathAI Boston, MA Internship Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description PathAI's mission is to improve patient outcomes through AI-powered pathology. We have built a revolutionary platform for transforming the drug development process through large-scale image analysis, identification of novel biomarkers, and improved patient selection. Our prediction platform is able to detect individual cancer and immune cells in gigapixel histology images, make reliable diagnoses, and provide estimates about survival and drug response. 
 
We have access to a wide variety of data sources, and work closely with an unparalleled network of partners in biotech, pharma and academia. Our efforts are already yielding biological insights accelerating translational research and products that are being used to drive and improve a variety of clinical trials. 
 
We're shaping the future and direction of digital pathology and drug development through our AI-centric approach. Joining PathAI is an opportunity to make a massive impact by improving outcomes for patients around the world. 
 
 This is a Four Month Full Time Co-op from September to December 2021. 
 
What you'll do: 
 
We're looking for Machine Learning interns to join our team and help solve some of these challenges. If you're the right candidate, your day-to-day will involve: 
 
 Working in a fast-paced environment with a team of ML engineers, scientific program managers and biotech and pharma partners to answer biological questions. 
 Collaborating on innovative analytical solutions to support new disease areas and novel pathology domains. 
 Improving and optimizing machine learning techniques to achieve better model performance and to expand PathAI's scientific and product capabilities. 
 Contributing to interdisciplinary projects with various stakeholders and generating documentations to reflect technical work. 
 
 Every PathAI co-op is a contributor to our mission to pioneer better patient care by providing the best, most innovative deep learning tools to biotech, pathologists, clinicians and healthcare organizations. You will work alongside leading innovators in the field of deep learning and medicine, and play a critical role in algorithm and model development. The majority of your time will be focused on doing our most impactful work in the machine learning and pathology space. 
 
You will have the opportunity to work in a company culture that puts employees first, is relaxed, focused and hard-working.
 
 
 What you'll Need: 
 
 Enrolled in a Bachelors or Master's program in Computer Science or Engineering, Biomedical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computational Science, Bioinformatics or a related field, preferably with a background in artificial intelligence, machine learning, or computer vision. 
 At least 1+ years of relevant background or coursework in machine learning. 
 At least 1+ years of Experience with Machine Learning model development using Tensorflow or PyTorch in Python. Experience with life science or healthcare data is preferred. 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Flexible work hours 
 Convertible sit-stand desks 
 Your choice of computer equipment 
 Free lunch 1-2 days a week 
 Fun team events especially for interns 
 Two mentors to help you along the way 
 Free snacks and drinks/coffee in the office 
 Most importantly, you'll be doing important work with a team of people you'll enjoy spending the day with. 
 PathAI is an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to creating a workplace that is free of harassment and discrimination. We base our employment decisions on business needs, job requirements, and qualifications — that's all. We do not discriminate based on race, gender, religion, health, personal beliefs, age, family or parental status, or any other status. We don't tolerate any kind of discrimination or bias, and we are looking for teammates who feel the same way. PathAI 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at PathAI in Boston, MA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from PathAI Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
