
 
 
 
 Digital Specialist - Business Applications - Las Colinas, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Digital Specialist - Business Applications Microsoft 7,268 reviews Las Colinas, TX Full-time Microsoft 7,268 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us to achieve our mission. 
The Small, Medium, and Corporate team helps businesses achieve their digital transformation goals by matching customer challenges with Microsoft solutions. Located in either a Digital Sales center, or a local subsidiary, you will help our managed customers across industries, company sizes and territories to identify their needs and opportunities. One of the fastest growing customer segments in the technology industry, you will help customers get to the cloud across Microsoft solution areas like Modern Workplace, Business Applications, Applications and Infrastructure, and Data and AI.
 
 
As a Digital Specialist, your primary responsibilities will be to engage with customers, Account Executives, and Specialists to understand the business’s needs, and then design and present business solutions that leverage our Business Applications portfolio with focus on One Microsoft (Biz Apps + Azure + Modern Workplace.) In addition, you will provide expertise on the business and technical value of Microsoft’s public cloud offerings versus the competition.
 
 
To learn more about Microsoft’s mission, please visit: https://careers.microsoft.com/mission-culture 
Check out all of our products at: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us 
Responsibilities 
Sales Execution 
Engages in conversations with customers to introduce how other workloads could enable digital transformation areas that is aligned with the customer's industry and turns opportunities into deals. Has a deep understanding of customers' business and its priorities to drive conversations with customers on digital transformation across multiple solution areas, in collaboration with partners and services. Creates guiding examples of digital transformation through seminars, workshops, Webinars, and direct engagement. 
Collaborates with team members to discover new opportunities. Drives incremental revenue growth through personal campaigns (e.g., portfolio analysis) or internal sources (e.g., marketing, account teams). Collaborates with account teams, partners, or services to track, qualify, and expand new opportunities. Collaborates with other teams (e.g., account teams) and services to build pipeline. Interfaces with customers and builds relationships via social selling. Applies Microsoft's sales process (MSP) to determine the quality of the opportunity and whether to proceed. 
Identifies opportunities to drive consumption and grow business with existing customers by initiating conversations, providing demos or quotes, and collaborating with partners or internal teams (e.g., Technical Sales Professionals, global black belts [GBBs]); for licensing transactions and project engagements, ensures rapid and robust deployment plan at point of sale that is validated by services and partners. Identifies, articulates, and facilitates the removal of blockers to consumption by partnering with internal and external stakeholders. 
Identifies customer business needs and technology readiness. Contributes to the development of solutions in collaboration with internal teams, partners, and services. Proposes prioritized solutions that align with customers' needs. Articulates the business value of proposed solutions. 
Proactively builds external stakeholders' mapping. Collaborates with account teams (e.g., Account Executives) to identify and engage senior business subject matter decision makers at the customer's/partner's business. 
Implements strategies to accelerate the closing of deals. Contributes input on strategies to drive and close prioritized opportunities. Coaches junior team members in deal plan execution. Implements close plans (e.g., how to map timeline, engage the customer, get customer buy in and commitment) to de-risk and drive predictable deal closure. 
Scaling and Collaboration 
Collaborates with One Commercial Partner (OCP) and with a network of partners to cross-sell, up-sell, and co-sell. Identifies and supports on-boarding new partners by researching and discussing customer scenarios. Provides feedback to OCP on partner gaps. Develops joint proposals and consumption plans with partners. Contributes to developing partner strategies to address gaps in partner capabilities. 
Applies the orchestration model to proactively drive deal closure by identifying and aligning internal stakeholders and leveraging and expanding relationships with partners. 
Technical Expertise 
Collaborates with the "compete" global black belts (GBBs) to analyze competitor products, solutions, and/or services and implements strategies to position Microsoft against competitors in customer communication. Proactively provides analysis of the competitive landscape in supported solution area. Evaluates opportunities and makes recommendations on pursuit or withdrawal. 
Sales Excellence 
Collaborates with partners and resources and leverages customer insights or industry knowledge. Contributes to exploring business and emerging opportunities to optimize the portfolio and support customer innovation. 
Reviews feedback report and coaches others on ensuring customer/partner satisfaction and decreasing dissatisfaction by establishing recovery action plans to improve clients' overall experience. Manages and/or orchestrates sales and delivery success through the account team and pursuit team. 
Engages with internal and external stakeholders on business planning, rhythm-of-business (ROB) meetings to review and plan for accounts in the assigned territory. 
Collaborates with extended sales team, partners, and marketing to conduct business analysis (e.g., whitespace analysis, identify industry trends) to pursue high-potential customers and develop a target list of potential business. 
Manages the end-to-end business of the assigned territory. Cnducts forecasting for accounts and develops a portfolio and territory plan to drive intentional selling aligned with strategic priorities. 
Qualifications 
Qualifications 
Required/Minimum Qualifications 
6+ years of technology-related sales or account management experience 
 OR Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology, Business Administration, or related field AND 5+ years of technology-related sales or account management experience. 
Additional or Preferred Qualifications 8+ years of technology-related sales or account management experience 
OR Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology, or related field AND 6+ years of technology-related sales or account management experience 
OR Master's Degree in Business Administration (e.g., MBA), Information Technology, or related field AND 5+ years of technology-related sales or account management experience 
3+ years of solution sales or consulting services sales experience related to business applications. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Application Specialist jobs in Las Colinas, TX Jobs at Microsoft in Las Colinas, TX Application Specialist salaries in Las Colinas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,268 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
