
 
 
 
 Lockheed Martin Research Scientist - University of Arizona - Littleton, CO 80125 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Lockheed Martin Research Scientist - University of Arizona LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,676 reviews Littleton, CO 80125 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,676 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Are you passionate about state-of-the-art technology in space exploration? Do you like seeing your work applied to real life applications that travel to space? Then you should join Lockheed Martin Space’s Advanced Technology Center (ATC).
 
 
The ATC is the research lab for LM Space. Through our own skills and those of our partners—including universities and research labs around the world—we’re able to put vision in motion. While we are a part of LM's space division, our technologies are far-reaching across domains. Napkin sketches of lasers that can shoot down UAVs—we made it real. Changing molecules so metals behave differently? We invented that. ATC’s story is written in the success of missions here on Earth and far, far into space. Our innovation extends beyond incremental change. We strive for first-of-a-kind capability with enduring impact. Whatever the application, our charter is to create game-changing technologies. At the ATC, we’re inspiring change in our endless pursuit of what’s next. 
 
Our employees perform scientific experiments, investigations, observations and related research studies into the nature and operation of natural phenomena in a variety of fields, using the scientific methods. They develop theories for understanding, characterizing and organizing natural phenomena into a systematic and meaningful pattern for the benefit of project advancement and emerging technologies.
 
 
Our facilities are located in Sunnyvale & Palo Alto, CA and Littleton, CO.
 
 
ATC primarily hires Research Engineers and Research Scientists, often with backgrounds in optical sciences, systems engineering, materials science, data science, autonomous systems, artificial intelligence, hypersonics, and many other related fields.
 
 
The coolest jobs on this planet… or any other… are with Lockheed Martin Space. 
 
At the dawn of a new space age, Lockheed Martin is a pioneer, partner, innovator and builder. Our amazing people are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every day we use our outstanding skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds’ hardest engineering problems. Our culture encourages employees to dream big, perform with excellence and create incredible products. We provide the resources, inspiration and focus and if you have the passion and courage to dream big, we want to build a better tomorrow with you. 
 
To promote the sharing of ideas, Lockheed Martin fosters an inclusive work environment that encourages differences and big-picture thinking. 
 
Our employees play an active role in strengthening the quality of life where we live and work by volunteering more than 850,000 hours annually. Here are some of the benefits you can enjoy: 
 
 Medical Dental 401k Paid time off Work/life balance Career development Mentorship opportunities Rewards & recognition 
Learn more about Lockheed Martin’s competitive and comprehensive benefits package. 
 Basic Qualifications: 
 Current student or graduate of the University of Arizona US Citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain a government security clearance 
Desired Skills: 
 Completion of optical, physics, or electrical engineering programs and/or curriculum at University of Arizona Prior experience in the aerospace and defense industry Current or prior security clearance 
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 
job.Qualifications 
 
 Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. 
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about. 
 
As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. 
 EXPERIENCE LEVEL: 
Experienced Professional Lockheed Martin Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Littleton, CO Jobs at LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION in Littleton, CO Research Scientist salaries in Littleton, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,676 reviews The F-35, PAC-3, and the GOES weather satellite...

What do all of these technologies have in common, you might ask?

Talented people... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
