
 
 
 
 Senior Data Scientist - Columbus, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Data Scientist Upstart Network, Inc. 14 reviews Columbus, OH Remote Upstart Network, Inc. 14 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company About Upstart
 
Upstart is a leading AI lending platform partnering with banks to expand access to affordable credit. As we transitioned to being a public company, we’re now poised to leverage our domain expertise and revolutionize every aspect of lending and credit risk evaluation. We’ve recently expanded our offerings to include automobile refinancing and we plan to take on more verticals as the business grows.
 
By leveraging Upstart's AI platform, Upstart-powered banks can have higher approval rates and lower loss rates, while simultaneously delivering the exceptional digital-first lending experience their customers demand. Upstart's patent-pending platform is the first to receive a no-action letter from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau related to fair lending. Upstart not only supports a large remote workforce, but also has offices in San Mateo, CA; Columbus, OH; and Austin, TX.
 
Most Upstarters join us because they connect with our mission of enabling access to effortless credit based on true risk. If you are energized by the impact you can make at Upstart, we’d love to hear from you!
 
The Team
 
Upstart’s Machine Learning team has a direct impact on our company's success. The team consists of Research Scientists, Data Scientists, ML Engineers and other highly specialized roles who build and enable our core production models.
 
Because our challenges are so new, members of our Machine Learning team need strong creative problem-solving skills and the technical background to implement solutions. Our research environment affords team members the opportunity to utilize a variety of statistical and machine learning methods with the freedom and encouragement to pursue alternative approaches to solving problems. Whether developing new products or identifying novel approaches to core models, we are continuously seeking the next big ideas to move our business forward.
 
The Role
 
As a Senior Data Scientist, you'll evaluate and monitor our models, their performance, and their effects on our customers. Additionally, you'll identify potential problems or opportunities for improvement, communicate these issues to the team, and suggest solutions. This involves self-directed investigation into our business and its data, designing and preparing regular reports, as well as conducting ad hoc analyses for the Machine Learning team, company leadership, and external parties such as partner banks.
 
Our Machine Learning team researches and productionizes all of Upstart’s core predictive models. If data is the new oil, then you’ll be responsible for the refining process that creates the most premium fuel possible. You’ll work in an environment where actionable insights from data are valued and needed, so you’ll be able to see your analysis turn into measurable results for our company and our borrowers.
 
Position Location - This role is available in the following locations: Remote, San Mateo or Columbus
 Time Zone Requirements - This team operates on either the East or West Coast time zones.
 Travel Requirements - This team has regular on-site collaboration sessions six times annually split between the San Mateo or Columbus office locations. If you need to travel to make these meetups, Upstart will cover all travel related expenses.
 
 What we’re looking for: 
2+ years' in data science or related experience in a production setting
 Knowledgeable in applied statistics (e.g., AB testing, hypothesis testing, linear and logistic regression)
 Experience with Python or R as well as SQL
 Strong sense of intellectual curiosity balanced with humility, drive and teamwork
 Numerically-savvy and smart with ability to operate at a speedy pace
 Ability to quickly piece together disparate pieces of information to form a broader picture
 Ability to use data to detect bugs, surprises, and other important business issues
 Determination to pursue a question until reaching a satisfactory conclusion
 Experience with consumer data (especially consumer finance) is a plus
 Data visualization skills preferred
 
Enthusiasm for and alignment with Upstart’s mission and values
 MS or PhD in econometrics, applied statistics or related quantitative areas of study
 
 What you’ll love: 
Competitive compensation (base + bonus & equity)
 Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
 Personal development and technology & ergonomic budgets
 Life insurance and disability benefits
 Clubs and Activities (game nights, Fitstarters, Superwomen, book club, investing club, money discussions, photography club and basketball teams)
 Generous vacation policy
 401(k) retirement plan and Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)
 Catered lunches + snacks & drinks
 
Upstart is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer. We are dedicated to ensuring that underrepresented classes receive better access to affordable credit, and are just as committed to embracing diversity and inclusion in our hiring practices. We celebrate all cultures, backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences, and know that we can only become better together.
 
https://www.upstart.com/candidate_privacy_policy Upstart Network, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Data Scientist jobs in Columbus, OH Jobs at Upstart Network in Columbus, OH Senior Data Scientist salaries in Columbus, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Upstart Network, Inc. Upstart Network, Inc. 14 reviews Upstart is a leading AI lending platform partnering with banks to expand access to affordable credit. As we transitioned to being a publi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
