
 
 
 
 Senior Data Scientist - Boston, MA 02210 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Data Scientist Fidelity Investments 4,017 reviews Boston, MA 02210 Full-time Fidelity Investments 4,017 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description: 
The Role 
Fidelity's Enterprise Technology Data Science Center of Excellence seeks a savvy Data Scientist to join our growing team of specialists. The successful candidate will work with technology squads and their customers in Enterprise Technology and partner organizations to perform the following activities: define requirements; acquire data; employ statistical, AI and machine-learning techniques; calculate analytic, predictive and prescriptive solutions; and explain those solutions to the customer. 
Expertise and Skills You Bring 
Post Graduate Degree in Data Science or related field required 
Drive to learn new techniques and business contexts in which to apply them 
Strong data exploration and analysis skills using SQL 
Strong user of Python or R for data manipulation and analysis 
Demonstrated knowledge of statistical and data science tools 
Hands-on expertise in data extraction and cleaning, feature extraction and creation; model training and evaluation 
Proven success in building data-driven capabilities to improve business outcomes 
Background supporting and working with multi-functional teams in a multifaceted environment. 
Advocate for standard methodologies and continued learning 
Knowledge of big data and analytical technologies 
Knowledge of Agile project management and SDLC 
Knowledge of Cloud Architecture and services 
Certifications: 
Company Overview 
 
At Fidelity Investments, our customers are at the heart of everything we do. As a privately held company with a rich 75-year history, our mission has remained the same since our founding:  to strengthen the financial well-being of our clients . We help people invest and plan for their future. We assist companies and non-profit organizations in delivering benefits to their employees. And we provide institutions and independent advisors with investment and technology solutions to help invest their own clients’ money. 
 
 Join Us 
 
At Fidelity, you’ll find endless opportunities to build a meaningful career that positively impacts peoples’ lives, including yours. You can take advantage of flexible benefits that support you through every stage of your career, empowering you to thrive at work and at home. And you don’t need a finance background to succeed at Fidelity—we offer a range of opportunities for learning and growth so you can build the career you’ve always imagined. We welcome associates from different backgrounds and with different perspectives to help us innovate and make a difference for our customers and our communities. 
 
We invite you to  Find Your Fidelity  at fidelitycareers.com. 
Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that the most effective way to attract, develop and retain a diverse workforce is to build an enduring culture of inclusion and belonging. 
 
Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation, contact the HR Leave of Absence/Accommodation Team by sending an email to accommodations @fmr.com, or by calling  800-835-5099 , prompt 2, option 2. Fidelity Investments 26 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Data Scientist jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Fidelity Investments in Boston, MA Senior Data Scientist salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments 4,017 reviews At Fidelity Investments, you'll discover challenges that excite you as you develop professionally and explore many career paths based on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
