
 
 
 
 Sr. VUI Designer - Alexa Skills Kit - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. VUI Designer - Alexa Skills Kit Amazon.com Services LLC 74,776 reviews Seattle, WA Full-time Amazon.com Services LLC 74,776 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 6+ years of design experience 
 An available online portfolio 
 6+ years professional experience as an VUI designer / user experience designer; experience in human computer interaction related to voice interfaces. 
 Bachelor's Degree in digital design, graphic design, human-computer interaction (HCI), or equivalent professional experience. 
 An online portfolio or samples of work on resume, demonstrating experience creating end-to-end, user-centered design solutions and patterns at scale, across multiple devices and modalities. 
 
Lead Voice user experience and best practices for the Alexa Skills kit. this is a high visibility position focused on concepts relevant to all users of Alexa including end users and skill builders. You'll solve challenges such as defining voice design best practices for the skill building community and ensure skills meets our high customer experience standards.
 
A day in the life
 You'll work with cross functional experts across the Alexa organization to define our vision and best practices, validate with research, build consensus, develop project plans then, deliver and measure results.
 
About the hiring group
 Our vision for Alexa is to create the smartest and most entertaining digital personal assistant.
 
We are a group of multi disciplinary leaders. Roles on your immediate team of peers include people from design, architecture, engineering, writing, printing, and technology backgrounds. We all strive to make Alexa the most trusted AI and instantly available assistant, always finding ways to make life more convenient and fulfilling.
 
Job responsibilities
 Our team empowers experience makers, key partners/brands, entrepreneurs, and developers to leverage Alexa to create exciting, new, voice-first multimodal experiences and interactions across a variety of Alexa-enabled devices for their customers. This role is a unique opportunity to work with a team of UX designers that are building the future of Alexa.
 
You are a pragmatic VUI designer and innovator that not only can translate business needs into customer-focused best practices and solutions, but also innovates and proposes new ideas to address customers’ needs. You are a talented and experienced design leader with exceptional problem-solving abilities, clear communication skills, and solid design instincts who can lead work autonomously even in the face of ambiguity. You are detail-oriented, comfortable working on complex voice and UX challenges. You are skilled in using data to make decisions and able to handle multiple projects.
 
You lead by doing and have a passion for solving problems at massive scale. You excel through innovation, creativity, and attention to detail. You are a proven strategic thinker and collaborator who flourishes in a large organization. You sincerely believe that design is more than how something looks, but also how it feels and functions. You enjoy great design debates and thrive on iterating based on customer feedback.
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 
Professional experience with voice and multimodal speech interfaces.
 
 
 Experience building innovative voice-based solutions and Alexa skills. 
 Desire for innovation, balanced with business needs, customer data and customer expectations. 
 Deep understanding of current speech and language technologies including the Alexa Skills Kit. 
 Experience working across teams to synthesize best practices through feedback and input from product management, engineering, and marketing. 
 Experience presenting to senior executive level management, influencing product roadmaps and long term product thinking. 
 Commitment to learning and expanding professional and technical knowledge. 
 
 Amazon.com Just posted original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Designer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Seattle, WA Senior Designer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 74,776 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
