
 
 
 
 Embedded Optimization Specialist, Human-Centered AI - Cambridge, MA 02139 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Embedded Optimization Specialist, Human-Centered AI Toyota Research Institute 5 reviews Cambridge, MA 02139 Full-time Toyota Research Institute 5 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Toyota Research Institute (TRI) is an R&D enterprise designed to bridge the gap between fundamental research and product development. TRI has been launched with mandates to: 
 
 1. Improve the safety of automobiles, with the ultimate goal of creating a car that is incapable of causing a crash; 
2. Increase access to cars to those who otherwise cannot drive, including those with disabilities and the elderly; 
3. Help translate outdoor mobility technology into products for indoor mobility; and
 4. Accelerate scientific discovery by applying techniques from artificial intelligence and machine learning. 
 
Toyota believes artificial intelligence has significant potential to improve the quality of life for all people, bringing ease, comfort and safety to all aspects of life.  TRI's Human-Centered AI team  is researching and developing solutions to advance mobility for all. We are looking for great engineers with a variety of skills who are passionate about deploying systems improving the lives of millions. 
 Responsibilities: 
Develop and deploy optimization algorithms for real-time control 
Assist in the development of code-generation tools for optimization solvers 
Publish basic research related to these tasks. 
 Qualifications: 
Ph.D in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Operations Research, or related field. 
 Experience in 3 or more of the following: 
Model predictive control 
Convex optimization 
Numerical linear algebra 
High performance embedded computing 
Compilers 
Domain-specific languages 
 Please reference this Candidate Privacy Notice to inform you of the categories of personal information that we collect from individuals who inquire about and/or apply to work for Toyota Research Institute, Inc. or its subsidiaries, including Toyota A.I. Ventures GP, L.P., and the purposes for which we use such personal information. Toyota Research Institute Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Web Optimization Specialist jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Toyota Research Institute in Cambridge, MA Web Optimization Specialist salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Toyota Research Institute 5 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
