
 
 
 
 Enterprise Architect – up to 100% telework - Washington, DC 20003 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Enterprise Architect – up to 100% telework General Dynamics Information Technology 7,609 reviews Washington, DC 20003 Remote General Dynamics Information Technology 7,609 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Travel Required:  10-25% 
 Public Trust:  BI Full 6C (T4) 
 Requisition Type:  Regular 
 The Architect’s role is to plan & develop the overall logical and technical IT architecture and engineering plans for all end user IT services, devices, and their corresponding IT support platforms. The candidate will evaluate the technical state of the program, as well as enable and develop end user digital transformation and innovation roadmaps and projects for our customer. 
Typically, the architect will: 
Provide technical engineering services across our customer’s enterprise for agency-wide end-user computing platforms for desktops, laptops, mobile devices, device configurations, technical refreshes and customer data migrations for hardware and software. 
Develop recommendations for improving the user experience and cost effectiveness, while modernizing delivery methods and technologies. 
Document and develop in-depth knowledge of existing IT architecture, infrastructure, and technology portfolios. Develop, document, communicate, and enforce a technology standards policy. 
Architect and engineer security to include OS patching, end user device encryption, configuration management, remote device management, VDI management, and reporting. 
Architect and engineer automated software deployment support and consultancy to end user workstations, mobile devices, and virtual desktops via a standardized enterprise management solution. 
Qualifications: 
Required: 
A Bachelor’s Degree in the field of computer science, information systems, or computer engineering. An additional 8 years of experience may substitute for the degree. 
A minimum of 10 years of experience working in a technical engineering environment, including prior experience as an architect and hands-on experience with business requirements gathering/analysis. 
Knowledge of: VDI, Citrix, ServiceNow, MS O365 and Teams, Microsoft End Point Manager and SCCM, Endpoint security management like SentinelOne or Tanium, Google platform products (e.g., Contact Center AI), Automated Call Distribution (ACD) in the Cloud (e.g., NICE) 
In-depth technical knowledge VDI and Citrix (Nutanix and in the Cloud). 
ITIL v3 or v4 certification 
Experience with Platform automation and/or RPA 
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.
 
GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class. General Dynamics Information Technology 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Enterprise Architect jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at General Dynamics Information Technology in Washington, DC Enterprise Architect salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Dynamics Information Technology General Dynamics Information Technology 7,609 reviews We are GDIT. The people supporting and securing some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the countr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
