
 
 
 
 Junior Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Research Engineer - Raleigh, NC 27601 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Junior Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Research Engineer Applied Research Associates, Inc 66 reviews Raleigh, NC 27601 Applied Research Associates, Inc 66 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Join our expanding team of Data Scientists, AI developers, and Machine Learning experts to help us develop the next generation of defense technologies. You will be part of a multi-disciplinary collaborative team of engineers and scientists researching and developing advanced technologies that will make a real difference in the defense, intelligence, medical, and manufacturing sectors. 
 ARA is an employee-owned international research and engineering company that is recognized for providing technically superior solutions to complex and challenging problems. If you are interested, we are looking for people with 2 or more of the following skills that can jump right in and help our team with some of the most challenging problems out there. 
 Can you use and customize deep learning and classification algorithms for application on data from diverse subject areas? 
 Have you applied pattern recognition technologies to identify features, relationships, and anomalies in large databases? 
 Can you apply graph theory, analytics, and processing to real-world problems? 
 Do you know how to develop efficient planning, optimization, and heuristic search techniques in complex spaces to find solutions that others miss? 
 Have you implemented systems with probabilistic reasoning, and uncertainty management and quantification? 
 Do you have expertise in Natural Language Processing (NLP)? 
 Have you had practical experience in constraint satisfaction and model consistency checking? 
 If you can answer yes to some of these questions, then we are very interested in talking to you about opportunities at ARA. 
 If you can accomplish the above, you’ve got what it takes! A Bachelor's in computer science, engineering, physics or a related field along with hands-on knowledge of the design, development, experimentation, and testing of analytic tools, AI libraries, and software will be imperative to hit the ground running on this team and we’d love to see examples of your development experience in Java and/or C++. We will also accept 6+ years of experience in lieu of a degree. 
 Due to the work you’ll perform and interactions with the intelligence community and DoD programs you will need to be eligible to apply for and hold a US security clearance (selected applicants will undergo a security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements at the time of employment). 
 In addition to deep theoretic and practical applications of AI, ML, and similar technologies, we strongly desire people with: 
 Excellent written/oral communication skills 
 Ability to effectively communicate complex concepts to non-expert audiences 
 Interest in applying technologies in multiple domain/problem areas ranging from physical to social sciences. 
 Creativity to address extremely challenging real-world problems with innovative solutions. 
 Masters in computer science or a related field. 
 While this is all of the Year One and Beyond stuff, Day One is pretty good too. These are things like our competitive salary, Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP), great compensation & benefits package, a challenging culture where innovation & experimentation are the norm. Our employees have the tools, training and opportunities to take more active roles as owners and are recognized as the company’s greatest assets! 
 If you desire a career with a company that provides a broad range of technical expertise in defense technologies, civil technologies, computer software and simulation, systems analysis, environmental technologies and testing and measurement then our Southeast Division in Raleigh, NC will be perfect for you. We are an EOE/M/F/Disabled/Veteran employer and At-Will Employer. For additional information and an opportunity to join our unique workplace, please apply at careers.ara.com. 
 About Us: 
 Applied Research Associates, Inc. (aka ARA) is an employee-owned international research and engineering company known for providing technically superior solutions to complex and challenging problems in the physical sciences. We were founded in Albuquerque, NM in 1979 as the disco era was, thankfully, closing out and the personal computer era was beginning. We employ over 1,400 professionals and continue to grow. ARA offices throughout the U.S. and Canada provide a broad range of technical expertise in defense, civil, and health technologies, computer software and simulation, systems analysis, environmental technologies, and testing and measurement. Around ARA you are equally likely to hear a conversation about Kubernetes clusters as you are a debate on merits of a reverse polish notation (RPN) calculator! 
 While this is all of the Year One and Beyond stuff, Day One is highly impressive too. These are things like our competitive salary (DOE), Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) & 401(k) with matching program, benefits package which includes medical, dental vision, flex spending, telehealth services, company-paid life & disability insurance including paid maternity disability leave through our company-paid short-term disability benefit, domestic partner coverage, dependent care flex spending, daycare discounts, pet insurance, relocation opportunities, floating holidays, tuition reimbursement, professional development as well as flexible schedules with remote/work from home options. ARA also prides ourselves on having a challenging culture where innovation & experimentation are the norm. At ARA, employees are our greatest assets, so we give our employees the tools, training, and opportunities to take active roles as owners. The motto, “Engineering and Science for Fun and Profit” sums up the ARA experience. The company realizes employee ownership spawns greater creativity and initiative along with higher performance and customer satisfaction levels. 
 ARA is passionate about inclusion and diversity in our workplace. In 2018 40% of our new employees voluntarily self-identified as protected veterans. (Source-AAP EOY 2018 Veterans Data Collection Report). We are also very proud of our Women’s Initiative Network (WIN) whose purpose is to motivate, support, and encourage professional career development for women to maximize career and professional accomplishments. Additionally, the Southeast Division looks not only for the right skills, but also for a cultural fit. We seek colleagues who will contribute to the unique culture that makes ARA such a great place to work. Some of the social impact aspects we have implemented at our division include monthly get-togethers, team outings to local baseball games in the summer, board game lunches, holiday party, corn hole tournaments, chili cook-offs and so on. For additional information and an opportunity to join this unique workplace, please apply at careers.ara.com. 
 Experience 
Required
 1 - 3 years: Hands-on knowledge of the design, development, experimentation, and testing of analytic tools, AI libraries and scripting languages 
 1 - 3 years: C++ and/or Java programming 
 Less than 2 year(s): Relevant Work Experience 
 Education 
Required
 Bachelor of Science or better in Computer Science or related field 
 Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities 
 The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c) Applied Research Associates, Inc 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Raleigh, NC Jobs at Applied Research Associates in Raleigh, NC Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Raleigh, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Applied Research Associates, Inc Applied Research Associates, Inc 66 reviews Many companies say their employees are their greatest asset. At ARA, we don’t just say it; we live it every day. Our employees are brilli... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
