
 
 
 
 Designer 2 - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Designer 2 Microsoft 7,268 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Full-time Microsoft 7,268 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description In Mixed Reality, people—not devices—are at the center of everything we do. Our tech moves beyond screens and pixels, creating a new reality aimed at bringing us closer together—whether that’s scientists “meeting” on the surface of a virtual Mars or some yet undreamt-of possibility. To get there, we’re incorporating diverse groundbreaking technologies, from the revolutionary Holographic Processing Unit to computer vision, machine learning, human-computer interaction, and more. We’re a growing team of talented engineers and artists putting technology on a human path across all Windows devices, including Microsoft HoloLens, the Internet of Things, phones, tablets, desktops, and Xbox. We believe there has to be a better way. If you do too, we need you! 
Designers, engineers, and artists and want you to be a part of crafting the future of Mixed Reality. We believe our users are at the center of each experience, and the experiences we craft move beyond screens and pixels. Leveraging emergent technologies allows us to address user needs like never before, expanding our capabilities across platforms and connected devices. 
Your work experience has left you with skills and accomplishments in games, holographic landscapes, virtual realities and real time engine creations. We are searching for the next creative designer to join our team and help shape the future of holographic-led experiences. 
Responsibilities 
Create amazing empathetic mixed reality experiences using your human-computer interaction design skills 
Partner with industry-leading Engineers, Artists, and Producers 
Work with state-of-the art next generation hardware, sensors, and software 
Incorporate the latest AI, Machine Learning, and Computer vision capabilities into the design of our products 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: 
3+ years’ experience in a Design role or related field 
Experience shipping high-quality 3D games or applications 
Working with the latest content creation and game engine tools 
This position requires access to export-controlled commodities, technical data, technology, software, and services governed by the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR). Due to contractual limitations and ITAR obligations associated with this role, U.S. citizenship, U.S. legal permanent resident status, or protected person status under 8 U.S.C. § 1324b(a)(3) is required. 
There are plenty of other skills that aren’t required, but you’ll find useful in this role. Let us know if you have experience with the following: 
Augmented or Virtual Reality 
Unity, Unreal or related game engines 
Working with the US Military or other government contracts 
Strong cross-discipline collaboration skills 
Great communication, written and verbal 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: 
Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
#MixedReality 
#ExperienceDevelopmentTeam 
#IVAS 
 Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Designer jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Senior Designer salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,268 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
