
 
 
 
 Data Science Manager, Ads Responsibility and Privacy - Menlo Park, CA 94025 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Science Manager, Ads Responsibility and Privacy Facebook 631 reviews Menlo Park, CA 94025 Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. We are currently looking for a Data Science Manager to support Ads Responsibility and Privacy teams. As a Data Science Manager at Facebook, you will be accountable for the success of these products in partnership with Product Managers, Engineering Managers and others. You will support a high performing team of data scientists to establish product strategy, to define the metrics that track our progress against it and to continually inform product development through high quality analysis. Within this space, you and your team will be responsible for understanding the broad suite of problems and determining how we can improve our effectiveness, efficiency and agility in addressing them. We are looking for a seasoned leader who can navigate the technical complexity of the space and the solutions while also managing and supporting a broad and diverse range of stakeholders. This is also a highly impactful space, providing the opportunity to build global solutions that scale to a broad range of important problems and affect billions of people. In this highly visible role, you will be tackling one of the most important and existential challenges for the company, and one of the most significant trends in technology is ML/AI regulation. How should companies like FB use data about people to power ML systems such as ads? This role is in the center of this question helping figure out what to do given all of these shifts. How will this impact our ads business, and what should FB do to both adjust our business to these changes, and where strategically should we be focused?
 Help build and lead a great data science team to deliver world-class products 
Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with our core products 
Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities 
Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions 
Provide mentorship to the team on both technical and strategic direction 
Cultivate culture of analytics and experimentation excellence ensuring high quality analytics output 
MS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, econometrics, computer science, engineering), or BS/MS in a quantitative discipline with equivalent working experience 
4+ years of experience in team leadership/people management through layers 
6+ years of experience doing quantitative analysis, statistical modeling or machine learning in the experimentation space 
Track-record driving product roadmap and execution 
Experience working effectively with multiple stakeholders and cross-functionally 
Experience communicating both in low-level technical details as well as high-level strategies 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook Today original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Menlo Park, CA Jobs at Facebook in Menlo Park, CA Data Scientist salaries in Menlo Park, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
