
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Redwood City, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Box 3 reviews Redwood City, CA Box 3 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. WHAT IS BOX? 
 Box is the market leader for Cloud Content Management. Our mission is to power how the world works together. Box is partnering with enterprise organizations to accelerate their digital transformation by creating a single platform for secure content management, collaboration and workflow. We have an amazing opportunity to further establish ourselves as leaders in the space, and we need strong advocates to help us achieve that goal. 
 
 By joining Box, you will have the unique opportunity to help capture a majority of this developing market and define what content management looks like for the digital enterprise. Today, Box powers over 97,000 businesses, including 70% of the Fortune 500 who trust Box to manage their content in the cloud. 
 
 WHY BOX NEEDS YOU 
 Are you excited by the prospect of using Big Data and AI to drive business processes?At Box, we are powering the way the world works by providing a platform to seamlessly manage and share information.We are looking for exceptional data-driven individuals with a strong background in statistics and programming to join our Data Science team. 
 
 Data Scientists at Box design and build scalable end-to-end data products -architecting data pipelines, employing Machine Learning algorithms, and deploying solutions to solve critical business problems.In this role, you will build AI-powered services to impact business decision-making across all of Box. 
 
 WHAT YOU'LL DO 
 Design and deploy machine learning models to solve business problems at Box 
 Collaborate with multiple stakeholders across Box(Product + Engineering, Marketing, Sales ...)to translate your models into business insights 
 Collaborate with data analysts to brainstorm and identify potential ML applications 
 
 WHO YOU ARE 
 MS/PhDin Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Physics or Mathematics 
 2+ years professional experience in a data science role with a demonstrated ability to design, develop, and launch end to end data products 
 Proficiency in Python or Scala/Java 
 Expertise in SQL and working with relational databases 
 Familiarity with Scikit Learn/TensorFlow/H20/Py torch 
 Familiarity in Linux/Unix environments 
 Demonstrated ability to design and develop, and launch machine learning-driven data products 
 Proven exceptional communication skills to build relationships with other business units 
 
 BENEFITS 
 
Visit this webpage to check out all of our exciting benefits: https://join.collectivehealth.com/box 
 
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
 
 For details on how we protect your information when you apply, please see our Personnel Privacy Notice. Box 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Redwood City, CA Jobs at Box in Redwood City, CA Data Scientist salaries in Redwood City, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Box Box 3 reviews Founded in 2005, Box (NYSE:BOX) is transforming the way people and organizations work so they can achieve their greatest ambitions. As th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
