
 
 
 
 Data Analyst - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Analyst Conductor, Inc. 6 reviews New York, NY Remote Conductor, Inc. 6 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Location:  New York, NY OR Remote 
 
We are looking for a Data Analyst who is ready for the next step in their continuing journey toward excellence. In this role, you’ll work with a team of Data Engineers, Data Scientists, and Analysts across R&D to help design and build the next generation of our reporting and visualization infrastructure. This entails consuming data from our data lake to generate reporting and insights for internal teams, create customer-facing dashboards, and develop Machine Learning algorithms to drive growth, efficiency and impact the bottom line. 
 
What you'll do 
 Build dashboards to deliver insights around important metrics and KPIs to internal stakeholders across multiple departments 
 Create custom reporting solutions for high tier customers to pivot data and generate insights in unique and interesting ways 
 Help the organization grow and scale by enhancing customer engagement, understanding customer behavior and automating user outreach 
 Provide analysis of quantitative and qualitative data from internal and external data sources in support of business decisions 
 Work with our team of Data Engineers to identify high value data sources and build requirements to facilitate data gathering, storage and retrieval 
 Build tools to automate workflows and generate insights for internal stakeholders 
 Our Core Values 
 Collaboration: We believe that individuals do their best work when working together in diverse, inclusive, and cohesive teams. 
 Excellence: We believe in doing things the "right way" rather than the "fast way,” and holding ourselves to a higher standard of work ethics and excellence. 
 Growth: We believe individuals do their best work when they are constantly growing, learning, and changing. 
 Communication: We believe in combining empathy with openness and honesty to set clear expectations and hold each other accountable. 
 Impact: We believe we're making the world a better place by empowering marketers to really help their customers rather than just sell stuff. 
 Who you are 
 You have a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or a related field 
 2+ years of experience in a data analyst role 
 Experience with one or more BI Tools such as Tableau, Google Data Studio, Domo, Looker, etc. 
 Experience using Python for Data Analysis (Pandas, Numpy, SciKit Learn) 
 Experience with SQL and Database technologies 
 Experience with APIs and data transformations 
 Experience with Data Quality/Quality Assurance 
 Familiarity with AI/ML techniques 
 
 Update Job specs 
 
Why You Should Join 
 
Conductor is a People-First and Customer-First company. We are looking for engaged and passionate technology leaders that can raise the bar. We have built a highly collaborative culture of technical excellence with tremendous opportunity to have an immediate impact in the day-to-day life of our employees and customers and drive the company's success and growth. We all share the same values, innovate and motivate each other to attain ambitious goals, and celebrate each other’s success. 
 
We are made up of a diverse group of people from all backgrounds. Wherever you are from, you will find a common ground here to accelerate your career and make a difference in the organic marketing industry. 
 
Conductor, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. 
 
About Conductor 
 
Conductor’s search and content intelligence platform helps marketers create and optimize content to improve visibility online. 
 
The technology generates customer intent insights that lead to compelling content, increased traffic, and higher organic marketing ROI. Customizable dashboards and workflows guide marketers through the content creation process, empowering them to measure, refine, and demonstrate the effectiveness of their SEO and content marketing efforts. 
 
In addition to its SaaS platform, Conductor offers a suite of services and support including site audits, site migrations, and managed services that empower in-house marketing teams and digital marketing agencies to drive results and put their customers' needs first. 
 
Conductor's forward-thinking customers include leading global and emerging enterprise brands. 
 
 Why you should join us 
 At Conductor, we are looking for engaged and passionate engineers that can raise the bar. There is a tremendous opportunity here to have immediate impact in the day-to-day and affect the company’s success and growth. We all share in the same values and push each other to meet these standards. 
 
We are made up of a diverse group of people from all backgrounds and include a team of exceptional engineers in Kyiv as well. Wherever you are from, you will find a common ground here for continuing to push forward your career and make a difference in this industry. 
 
 Our Values 
 Collaboration 
 We believe that engineers do their best work when working together in cohesive teams. 
 Excellence 
 We believe in doing things the "right way" rather than the "fast way", and holding ourselves to a high standard of excellence. 
 Growth 
 We believe engineers do their best work when they are constantly growing, learning, and changing. 
 Communication 
 We believe in combining empathy with openness and honesty to set clear expectations and hold each other accountable. 
 Impact 
 We believe we're making the world a better place by empowering marketers to really help their customers rather than just sell stuff. 
 About Conductor 
 Conductor helps marketers create and optimize content to improve visibility online. The technology generates customer intent insights that lead to compelling content, increased traffic, and higher organic marketing ROI. Customizable dashboards and workflows guide marketers through the content creation process, empowering them to measure, refine, and demonstrate the effectiveness of their SEO and content marketing efforts. 
 
In addition, Conductor offers a suite of services and support including site audits, site migrations, and managed services that empower in-house marketing teams and digital marketing agencies to drive results and put their customers’ needs first. Conductor, Inc. 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Analyst jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Conductor in New York, NY Data Analyst salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Conductor, Inc. Conductor, Inc. 6 reviews Conductor is the undisputed leader of Web Presence Management, inspiring marketers to break their addiction to paid media and create grea... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
