
 
 
 
 Senior Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning Engineer - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning Engineer Owl Labs Boston, MA Temporarily remote Owl Labs is looking for a Senior Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning Engineer to join a team that is building an intelligent real time collaboration platform with several smart productivity solutions that will define the future of how teams collaborate effectively in hybrid workspace environments. This is a unique opportunity to join at an early stage of a technology platform that will be the core of Owl Labs groundbreaking collaboration products. Your influence will span across the software engineering and product organization. 
 
 What You'll Do 
 Design, develop and take ownership of the architecture of a scalable and highly available AI/ML system which will power several productivity and intelligent real time collaboration solutions. 
 Keep abreast of recent developments in AI/ML technologies, prototype, and advocate to team members. 
 Establish best practices, architectural principles, design patterns and methodologies. 
 Collaborate with several backend and frontend engineers as well as product team. 
 Proactively monitor performance and system health through operational tooling. 
 Automate our infrastructure, testing and delivery pipelines, and create tooling to improve team productivity. 
 
 Qualifications 
 Bachelor's or Master's Degree in Computer Science Engineering or related field. 
 Proven experience using at least one deep learning framework (TensorFlow, PyTorch, OpenAI, AWS AI services) 
 3+ Years of experience designing and implementing AI/ML solutions and shipping them to production, preferably at a large scale. 
 Experience with machine learning techniques and advanced analytics such as deep learning, regression, classification, clustering, unsupervised learning, etc. 
 Development experience with either Golang, Python, Javascript or C++ 
 Experience with SQL, and data modeling 
 Familiarity building and testing asynchronous, distributed, fault-tolerant, scaleable and highly available code 
 Excellent team player with strong communication and collaboration skills. 
 The best candidates will have: 
 Experience developing for cloud platforms such as AWS 
 Secondary Tech Skill in the following technologies: React, NodeJS, JavaScript, Swift, Java, MySQL. 
 Experience with OpenCV 
 Familiarity with Kafka, Kinesis, and stream-based analysis 
 Familiarity with Web-RTC and media streaming technologies 
 
 The best candidates will share examples of: 
 
 Grit & resilience. 
 Empathy. 
 Problem-solving. 
 Work ethic. 
 Drive. 
 Curiosity. 
 Teamwork & collaboration with peers/co-workers. 
 A measurable history of performance. 
 Self-awareness & coachability. 
 
 Owl Labs is over 40% remote and headquarters are based in Boston, MA. This role can be either an on-site or remote position. Please specify in your application. Our team is currently working 100% remote due to COVID-19. 
 
 Owl Labs is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to our values of embracing inclusivity and creating a culture where everyone feels respected and connected, no matter the location of their work environment. We invite applications from people of all walks of life and are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need accommodations due to a disability, please let us know. 
 
 Who We Are 
 
Owl Labs is a collaborative tech company, creating an equalized meeting and learning experience for all, wherever participants may be. Powering hybrid teams and remote work is in our DNA. Owl Labs has been a leader when it comes to celebrating and connecting hybrid teams and classrooms - meaning both in-office and remote workers, in-room students and at-home learning. We're best known for the Meeting Owl product line, a smart 360 camera, mic, speaker all-in-one solution. Sitting in the center of the table, the Meeting Owl uses vision and voice recognition to shift the camera to focus on who's speaking, giving all participants a feeling as if they're in the same room. With the continued rise of hybrid teams and remote workers, our products allow for better collaboration and productivity no matter your location. 
 
Our award-winning product, the Meeting Owl Pro, has been recognized by CES Innovation Awards 2020, Red Dot Design Awards 2020, SXSW Innovation Awards 2020 and our team recognized as an Inc. Best Workplaces 2020 and the esteemed Inc.'s Editor's List. *Owl Labs* 6 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Owl Labs in Boston, MA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Owl Labs Owl Labs is a collaborative tech company revolutionizing how the world communicates through inclusive and immersive video experiences. Bu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
