
 
 
 
 Research Analyst - Herndon, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Analyst BlackSky Herndon, VA Remote Clearance Requirement:   A clearance is useful but not required. This position involves work on contracts for which the US Government Requires US Citizenship. 
 
About Us: 
 
BlackSky  is a geospatial intelligence solutions provider that enables organizations to task, collect, and transform data from earth observation, global sensor networks, mobile devices, and social media to deliver on-demand insights about places, events, and assets that are critical to their operations. Blacksky provides satellite collection, data, and cloud based -processing and analytic solutions to organizations that are capitalizing on the exponential growth of a wide range of sensor and collection platforms for delivering the next generation of GEOINT and location intelligence solutions. BlackSky has extensive expertise and capabilities in commercial remote sensing, multi-source analytics, cloud computing, open source software development, Amazon Web Services, and big data geospatial analytics. BlackSky provides solutions to commercial and government organizations with relevant programs with the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency (NGA), US. Army, and U.S. Air Force Research Labs. 
 
While the job location listed here is ideal, we are open to hiring this position remotely in the following states or our Seattle/Washington DC suburbs offices (AR, AZ, CO, CA, DC, FL, IN, MA, MD, MN, NC, NM, OR, PA, OH, SC, TN, TX, UT, VA, WA, WV) 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
BlackSky is looking for a creative and responsive research analyst with a GIS background to build out locational datasets for a variety of purposes including internal and customer reference data, imagery collection recommendations, and contextual information for global events. As part of our analysis team, you will be responsible for a range of tasks including researching/recommending new data or data sources as well as maintaining existing information. You will also be responsible for communicating with other members of the analyst team, as well as members of the product management and development teams, regarding your efforts and recommendations. 
 
This position includes primary responsibility for researching, creating, managing, and updating multiple geospatial datasets. The ideal candidate has strong research and data management skills and experience working with geospatial data and satellite imagery. Additionally, the ideal candidate has demonstrated the ability to manage their own efforts over a broad scope of work with only general guidance. Finally, the candidate should be an independent thinker with the demonstrated ability and willingness to lean in, learn about company capabilities, and develop and implement solutions to problems. 
 
The successful candidate will: 
 
 Research free or paid data sources and make recommendations regarding adoption 
 Build customized geospatial datasets to meet specific internal or customer needs 
 Develop and execute plans to maintain currency and relevance of existing datasets 
 Collaborate with product management and development teams as needed 
 Maintain high standards for precision, accuracy, and completeness of information 
 
 
Qualifications: 
 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
 2+ years of hands-on experience working with GIS data and/or satellite imagery 
 Facility with GIS tools like ESRI, QGIS, or equivalents 
 Experience with data validation 
 Bachelor's Degree or higher in a relevant field 
 
 
Desired Skills: 
 
 Degree, Certificate/certification or completion of military training courses in geospatial analysis, imagery analysis, GIS, or related area 
 Experience working within or alongside U.S. government consumers of geospatial intelligence 
 Ability to teach/train others in formal or informal environments 
 Some experience with software development processes 
 Familiarity with basic AI/ML concepts 
 Experience scripting to manipulate data and compute metrics in a language such as python 
 
 BlackSky is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer All Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. 
 
EEO/AAP/ Pay Transparency Statements:  https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf 
 https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf 
 
To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. BlackSky 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Analyst jobs in Herndon, VA Jobs at BlackSky in Herndon, VA Research Analyst salaries in Herndon, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from BlackSky Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
