
 
 
 
 Advanced IT Network Specialist - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Advanced IT Network Specialist General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 427 reviews Remote Remote $75,000 a year  -   Full-time General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 427 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $75,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Basic Qualifications :
 
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field; or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 3 years of relevant experience. 
 
Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required. 
Responsibilities for this Position:
 
Put your engineering talent to the ultimate test. At General Dynamics Mission Systems, we create the technologies, products and services that help our service members, intelligence analysts and first responders keep our nation safe. The work we do is so advanced our teams often redefine what’s possible for the world. If you want to be a leader with the company that delivers smart solutions for our nation’s challenges, this is your opportunity.
 
 
We apply advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, AR/VR, Cloud Native and Quantum Physics to solve our customers’ missions in cyber, RF, undersea, interstellar and everything in between.
 
 
Boasting a collaborative and global environment, we’ll rely on you to participate as an active team member knowledgeable of the networking environment including routers, switches, circuits, firewalls, wireless, intrusion prevention devices, etc. You’ll be a key contributor in supporting the GDMS network environment by implementing, supporting, monitoring, and troubleshooting network issues on physical or virtual network infrastructure components while coordinating with team members and/or vendors. 
 
 
 What you’ll experience: 
Technologies that aren’t just top-notch, they’re often top-secret 
A team of bold thinkers committed to exploring what’s next 
Opportunities to gain new knowledge - as it’s discovered 
What you bring to the table: 
A Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field; or equivalent plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 3 years of relevant experience 
Subject matter expert (SME) in one discipline/field and developing working knowledge in adjacent disciplines/fields 
Understanding of how domain interrelates with other components within the closed and enterprise networking environment 
Expert experience within primary domain and resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways 
What sets you apart: 
Creative, innovative with advanced decision-making skills 
Team player who thrives in collaborative environments and revels in team success 
Persuasive in a discussion with the ability to appeal to reason, data, larger purpose 
Minimum Salary: USD $75,000.00/Yr. Maximum Salary: USD $100,000.00/Yr. Salary Note: Note: The compensation information listed is a good faith estimate for this position only and is provided pursuant to the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act and Equal Pay Transparency Rules. It is estimated based on what a successful Colorado applicant might be paid. It assumes that the successful candidate will be in Colorado or perform the position from Colorado. Similar positions located outside of Colorado will not necessarily receive the same compensation. Company Overview:
 
General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS)  engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 12,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team! 
 
General Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/Disability/Veteran General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Network Specialist jobs in Remote Jobs at General Dynamics Mission Systems in Remote Network Specialist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 427 reviews General Dynamics Mission Systems is a business unit of General Dynamics, the global aerospace and defense company. We are a leading provi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
