
 
 
 
 Regulatory Affairs and Quality Labeling and Digitization Specialist - Maplewood, MN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Regulatory Affairs and Quality Labeling and Digitization Specialist 3M 4,443 reviews Maplewood, MN Remote Full-time 3M 4,443 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description:
 Regulatory Affairs and Quality Labeling and Digitization Specialist
 Collaborate with Innovative 3Mers Around the World
 Choosing where to start and grow your career has a major impact on your professional and personal life, so it’s equally important you know that the company that you choose to work at, and its leaders, will support and guide you. With a diversity of people, global locations, technologies and products, 3M is a place where you can collaborate with 96,000 other curious, creative 3Mers.
 “At 3M, thanks to our culture where people feel like they belong, can grow and are appreciated, we are more than the sum of our parts. Our different perspectives and experiences help us solve some of the world’s toughest challenges together.” – Zoe Dickson, executive vice president and chief Human Resources officer at 3M
 This position provides an opportunity to transition from other private, public, government or military environments to a 3M career.
 The Impact You’ll Make in this Role
 
As a  Regulatory Affairs and Quality Labeling and Digitization Specialist,  you will have the opportunity to tap into your curiosity and collaborate with some of the most innovative and diverse people around the world. Here, you will make an impact by:
 Partnering with Design Operations and Transformation, Technologies, and Services (TTS) in deploying the Asset Management Process (3M|amp) for Health Care Business Group (HCBG).
 Partnering in the development and project management of the next phases of 3M|amp for HCBG.
 Developing and executing plans for label and data digitization for compliance projects.
 Collaborating with subject matter experts to ensure regulatory and quality for labeling.
 Being responsible for the day-to-day activities of the digitization team.
 Working closely with key stakeholders to ensure alignment of regulatory and quality objectives.
 Providing system & process documentation, validation, and training.
 Leading peers through change acceptance.
 Providing project communication and analytics.
 Translating business and regulatory requirements into technical requirements and deliverables.
 Your Skills and Expertise
 
To set you up for success in this role from day one, 3M requires (at a minimum) the following qualifications:
 Bachelor’s degree or higher (completed and verified prior to start) from an accredited institution.
 Three (3) years of combined experience in labeling and/or packaging in a manufacturing facility, design center, or corporate setting and/or IT system implementation in a private, public, government or military environment.
 Additional qualifications that could help you succeed even further in this role include:
 Experience in project management, documentation management, and working with business and IT to drive results.
 Manage multiple projects with tight deadlines
 Experience working with regulated product labeling
 Experience with AI and digitization
 Five (5) years of combined experience in labeling and/or packaging in a manufacturing facility, design center, or corporate setting and/or IT system implementation
 Master’s degree in a Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics discipline.
 Strong communication skills
 Green Belt/Black belt
 Good analytical and problem-solving skills.
 Python
 Agile methodology
 Location: Maplewood, MN or may consider remote US work location
 Travel: May include up to 10%  domestic/international
 Relocation Assistance: May be authorized
 Must be legally authorized to work in country of employment without sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H1B status).
 Supporting Your Well-being
 3M offers many programs to help you live your best life – both physically and financially. To ensure competitive pay and benefits, 3M regularly benchmarks with other companies that are comparable in size and scope.
 Resources for You
 For more details on what happens before, during and after the interview process, check out the Insights for Candidates page at 3M.com/careers.
 Learn more about 3M’s creative solutions to the world’s problems at www.3M.com or on Twitter @3M.
 Responsibilities of this position include that corporate policies, procedures and security standards are complied with while performing assigned duties.
 Pay & Benefits Overview: https://www.3m.com/3M/en_US/careers-us/working-at-3m/benefits/
 3M is an equal opportunity employer. 3M will not discriminate against any applicant for employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status.
 Please note: your application may not be considered if you do not provide your education and work history, either by: 1) uploading a resume, or 2) entering the information into the application fields directly.
 3M Global Terms of Use and Privacy Statement 
 
Carefully read these Terms of Use before using this website. Your access to and use of this website and application for a job at 3M are conditioned on your acceptance and compliance with these terms. 3M 7 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Regulatory Affairs jobs in Maplewood, MN Director of Regulatory Affairs salaries in Maplewood, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from 3M 3M 4,443 reviews 3M is a global science company that never stops inventing. Using 46 technology platforms, our integrated team of scientists and researche... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
