
 
 
 
 Strategy Consultant - Rosslyn, VA 22209 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Strategy Consultant Deloitte 10,088 reviews Rosslyn, VA 22209 Deloitte 10,088 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence by tapping into the power of data analytics, robotics, and cognitive technologies such as Artificial Intelligence (AI). Our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients leverage rigorous analytical capabilities and a pragmatic mindset to solve the most complex of problems. By joining our team, you will play a key role in helping to our clients uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data and transforming the Government and Public Services marketplace.
 Work you'll do
 Will serve with other Deloitte personnel as staff augmentees to the client
 The team
 Deloitte's Government and Public Services (GPS) practice - our people, ideas, technology and outcomes-is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of over 15,000+ professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise.
 The GPS Strategy offering leads strategic planning & portfolio management and reporting & monitoring workstreams. This includes day-to-day client interaction and leads to the creation of relevant resources and materials (such as strategic plans, roadmaps, etc.) and work products (such as development of performance metrics, tracking dashboards, etc.) in order to successfully implement client vision.
 Qualifications
 Required: 
 
 Bachelor's degree required
 Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future
 Activ e TS/SCI with polygraph security clearance required
 Travel up to 25%
 Preferred:
 Candidate should have strong administrative skills, accounting or financial experience. Deloitte 19 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Brand Strategy Consultant jobs in Rosslyn, VA Jobs at Deloitte in Rosslyn, VA Brand Strategy Consultant salaries in Rosslyn, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Deloitte Deloitte 10,088 reviews We’re a leading professional services firm, but what makes working at Deloitte unique? When you join us, you become connected. To inspiri... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
