
 
 
 
 Autonomous Vehicle System Test Specialist - Washington, DC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Autonomous Vehicle System Test Specialist Argo AI 11 reviews Washington, DC Full-time Argo AI 11 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who we are: 
 
Argo AI is in the business of building self-driving technology you can trust. With experienced leaders in the field and collaborative partnerships with some of the world's largest automakers, we're building self-driving technology that is engineered to scale globally and transform mobility for millions. 
 
Talented individuals join our team because they share our purpose to make it safe, easy, and enjoyable for everyone to get around cities. We aspire to impact key industries that move people and goods, from ride hailing to deliveries. 
 
Meet the team: 
 
Argo AI's Autonomous Vehicle System Test Specialists (AVSTSs) are responsible for operating our autonomous vehicles on public roads to enable Argo to continue its testing, monitoring, and development of its Autonomous Vehicle System (AVS). Prior to getting behind the wheel, all AVSTSs undergo a rigorous training program which, among other things, teaches them about the underlying technology of Argo's platforms. More generally, but equally as important, AVSTSs learn Argo's vehicle operating procedures to ensure the safety of the communities in which Argo operates. Once training is complete, AVSTSs are ready to safely take to the road and begin helping our engineers and developers in their continuous efforts to improve Argo's autonomous vehicle software. Be sure to check out our website to learn more about how our AVSTSs play a key role in how we test! 
 
What you'll do: 
 
 Perform the duties of (AVS) operations from both the left seat (driving) and the right seat (co-driving) of Argo's vehicles 
 Undergo a detailed training program that educates and establishes expectations for manual driving fundamentals in autonomous vehicle operation 
 Proactively scan and evaluate dynamic traffic environments while always remaining ready to disengage the autonomous driving function in the event the need arises or safety requires it 
 Deliver clear and concise communications when evaluating AVS performance, documenting both its strengths and areas for improvement, all of which enables Argo's engineers and developers to continuously improve Argo's autonomous driving software 
 Participate in continuing education opportunities as Argo's autonomous driving processes and practices evolve to account for continuing technological changes and development 
 
 Note:  This is a full-time, hourly, non-exempt position 
 
What you'll need to succeed: 
 
 High School Diploma or GED equivalent with two years of employment experience required. Associate or Bachelor's Degree preferred 
 Must have a valid driver's license and the ability to meet and sustain Argo's minimum driving requirements, which Argo evaluates at the hiring stage and periodically thereafter by conducting motor vehicle and criminal record background checks in accordance with applicable law. This position may be subject to additional screenings conducted by third-party partners 
 Desire to be a part of a fast paced, dynamic environment where adaptability and flexibility are essential 
 Ability to monitor software via laptop in a moving vehicle; type proficiently; and communicate in a clear and concise manner 
 Work in a professional and courteous manner at all times 
 Strong interest in technology and software and the ability to adapt to its ever-changing developments and improvements 
 Detail oriented mindset with a focus on safety, honesty, and a strict adherence to Argo's policies and procedures 
 An initial and continued ability to pass a ten-panel drug screen 
 
 What we offer you: 
 
 High-quality individual and family medical, dental, and vision insurance 
 Competitive compensation packages 
 Employer-matched 401(k) retirement plan with immediate vesting 
 Employer-paid group term life insurance and the option to elect voluntary life insurance 
 Paid parental leave 
 Paid medical leave 
 Unlimited vacation 
 Complimentary daily lunches 
 Pre-tax commuter benefits 
 Monthly wellness stipend 
 Professional development reimbursement 
 Employee assistance program 
 Discounted programs that include legal services, identity theft protection, pet insurance, and more 
 Company and team bonding outlets: employee resource groups, quarterly team activity stipend, and wellness initiatives 
 
 Our Background: 
 
Argo AI was founded in late 2016 by industry experts with extensive experience building robotic systems for commercial applications. Our once-small team has since grown into an over 1,000-person strong company with strategic partnerships with two of the world's leading automakers: Ford and Volkswagen. Our self-driving system is the first with commercial deployment plans for Europe and the U.S., and thanks to an ability to tap into both automakers' global reach, our technology platform has the largest geographic deployment potential of any self-driving technology to date. 
 
At Argo AI, we believe that embracing differences delivers superior results. We are an equal opportunity employer that is committed to an inclusive environment for all employees. 
 
To ensure the health and well being of our teammates and partners, Argo is working toward a policy that requires those working on site to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. The amount of on-site work required for each role will vary based on the essential functions of the position and designations made by team leaders. Whenever possible, we try to consider special circumstances and provide flexibility for some remote work. 
 
This role is designated as one that requires frequent on-site work. Candidates should expect to come into the workplace 5 days per week. A COVID-19 vaccination is required to come on site. Argo will consider accommodations for disability and religious-based reasons. Argo AI 14 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Systems Test Engineer jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at Argo AI in Washington, DC Systems Test Engineer salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Argo AI Argo AI 11 reviews Argo AI is a self-driving technology platform company. We exist to make getting around cities safe, easy, and enjoyable for all. 

We a... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
