
 
 
 
 Smart Manufacturing Strategy Engineer - Wilmington, MA 01887 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Smart Manufacturing Strategy Engineer Analog Devices 369 reviews Wilmington, MA 01887 Analog Devices 369 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Come Join Analog Devices – a place where Innovation meets Impact. For the past 50 years, Analog Devices has been inventing innovative technologies that transform lives. Get hands-on experience working with the brightest minds to solve complex problems that matter: from autonomous vehicles, drones and factories to augmented reality to remote healthcare. Enjoy a culture that values aligned goals, balanced work-life priorities, continuous learning throughout your career and shared rewards. At ADI, we invest in you and succeed together because we believe that happy, healthy, intellectually-challenged people drive our growth and market leadership. 
 ADI at a Glance 
 ADI helps customers bridge the physical and digital worlds with unmatched technologies that solve real-life problems and make the world smarter, healthier, greener and safer. With over $5 billion in revenue, ADI specializes in high-performance analog, mixed-signal, power, and digital signal processing (DSP) integrated circuits that sense, measure, interpret, connect, power, secure and transform how the world experiences the world around them. 
 Analog Devices (NASDAQ: ADI) designs and manufactures semiconductor products and solutions. We enable our customers to interpret the world around us by intelligently bridging the physical and digital worlds with unmatched technologies that sense, measure and connect. 
 Come and be part of an exciting opportunity to develop a Smart Manufacturing strategy for ADI’s world class Manufacturing operations utilizing AI technology. We are looking for a motivated and creative individual to join the Data and Analytics team as a Smart Automation Strategy Engineer. The ideal candidate will have a passion for solving problems, an interest in analytics and a willingness to challenge the status quo to create improvements. 
 This role will work closely with our Backend Factory teams to develop innovative Analytics solutions that will improve product quality and operational efficiency. You will be responsible for developing a deep understanding of the capabilities offered by advanced analytics solution for building ‘intelligence’ into a semiconductor testing operation. In this capacity you will develop proof of concept solutions, evaluate its effectiveness in a production setting and develop strategies to incorporate them into our production systems. 
 Specific Responsibilities / Duties 
 Understand opportunities in Manufacturing Test Operations to introduce ‘smart’ analytics methods
 Develop deep understanding of capabilities offered by advanced analytics solution used in Test Manufacturing operations 
 Working with factory teams develop application roadmaps with a focus on maximize ROI of ADI’s smart technology investment
 Develop proof of concept analytics solutions working with Test Operations teams and verify the value delivered
 Determine approaches to implement in production ecosystem of tools and lead implementation efforts ensuring that appropriate support processes are in place 
 Stay current with the latest advancements in Advanced Analytics methodologies used in semiconductor manufacturing 
 Previous Experience/Skills Needed & Education Requirements 
 Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Electrical Engineering with concentration in Computer Science 
 Experience with Programming languages like C, C++, Java, MATLAB, Python etc.
 Experience with Analytics solutions like JMP, R, SaAS plus
 Familiarity of AI and Advanced Analytics approaches like (ML, RPA etc.) 
 Familiarity with semiconductor test process plus 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills
 Ability to work with teams across time zones essential 
 Comfortable with collaboration, open communication and reaching across functional borders 
 For positions requiring access to technical data, Analog Devices, Inc. may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of Industry and Security and/or the U.S. Department of State - Directorate of Defense Trade Controls. As such, applicants for this position – except US Citizens, US Permanent Residents, and protected individuals as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3) – may have to go through an export licensing review process. 
 Analog Devices, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability 
 EEO is the Law: Notice of Applicant Rights Under the Law 
 Education Level : Bachelor's Degree 
 Travel Required : Yes, 10% of the Time Analog Devices Just posted original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Manufacturing Engineer jobs in Wilmington, MA Jobs at Analog Devices in Wilmington, MA Manufacturing Engineer salaries in Wilmington, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Analog Devices Analog Devices 369 reviews Dare to dream it, and we'll help you make it a reality. At Analog Devices, we invest in our people, so they can engineer solutions that s... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
