
 
 
 
 Principal Design Verification Engineer - Sunnyvale, CA 94085 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Design Verification Engineer Microsoft 7,268 reviews Sunnyvale, CA 94085 Full-time Microsoft 7,268 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft Cloud Hardware Infrastructure Engineering (CHIE) is the team behind Microsoft’s expanding Cloud Infrastructure and responsible for powering Microsoft’s “Intelligent Cloud” mission. CHIE delivers the core infrastructure and foundational technologies for Microsoft's over 200 online businesses including Bing, MSN, Office 365, Xbox Live, Skype, OneDrive and the Microsoft Azure platform globally with our server and data center infrastructure, security and compliance, operations, globalization, and manageability solutions. 
 Our focus is on smart growth, high efficiency, and delivering a trusted experience to customers and partners worldwide and we are looking for passionate, high energy engineers to help achieve that mission. As Microsoft's cloud business continues to grow the ability to deploy new offerings and HW infrastructure on time, in high volume with high quality and lowest cost is of paramount importance. To achieve this goal, the Cloud AI & Advanced Systems Engineering (CAASE) team is instrumental in defining and delivering operational measures of success for hardware manufacturing, improving the planning process, quality, delivery, scale and sustainability related to Microsoft cloud hardware. We are looking for seasoned engineers with a strong passion for customer focused solutions, insight and industry knowledge to envision and implement future technical solutions that will manage and optimize the Cloud infrastructure. 
We are looking for a  Principal Design Verification Engineer  to join the team. 
 #azurehwjobs 
Responsibilities 
Promote advance verification methodology for FPGA designs. 
Develop UVM testbench for block level through full system. 
Maintain regression to close coverage metrics to support FPGA design iterations. 
Deploy and maintain acceleration solutions to meet significant reliability and service level requirements 
Work in a team of hardware and software engineers to deploy working systems to a very large user base 
Interact with multiple software teams inside Microsoft 
Qualifications 
Qualifications:
 M.S. in Computer Engineering or equivalent experience 
5+ years of experience in verification 
3+ years experience in UVM/OVM base testbench 
Desired skills and experience: 
Programming and scripting in Python and/or Perl
 FPGA development environment tools expertise, including design, implementation and debug 
FPGA high-level synthesis design and compilation using HLS tools with C, C++ and OpenCL 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft Just posted original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Quality Assurance Engineer jobs in Sunnyvale, CA Jobs at Microsoft in Sunnyvale, CA Quality Assurance Engineer salaries in Sunnyvale, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,268 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
