
 
 
 
 Content Developer - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Content Developer Microsoft 7,268 reviews United States Full-time Microsoft 7,268 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Do you have a passion for learning and teaching others? Do you have sales or technical experience with Microsoft Technologies? Are you compelled to keep your technical skills current and relevant as the Cloud technologies morph and evolve over time? If so, why not consider being a part of the of the digital transformation at Microsoft by building technical learning and certification experiences that help current and aspiring technology professionals build and maintain their Microsoft technical Cloud skills! 
Microsoft Worldwide Learning (WWL) is the spiritual leader of the learning culture within Microsoft. We are tasked with empowering those who empower the world through learning. We build world class learning and certification experiences for customers, partners, Microsoft employees, and students. The Technical Content Development Team within WWL is looking for a skilled and passionate technical professional with deep knowledge of Microsoft Cloud technologies and services to design, create and maintain a curriculum that provides a world-class learning. The experienced and versatile technologist we seek must come complete with real-world experience in technical selling, consulting, designing, planning, developing, or implementing Cloud solutions in customer environments. This candidate also needs to exhibit a visible passion for training customers, and ideally, has experience as a content developer (training or documentation), technical writer/trainer, or as a technical presenter/speaker. 
As part of WWL’s Content Development Team, our technical Content Developers coordinate with the various Microsoft Engineering and Marketing Teams and other business and technical groups within Microsoft to ensure all our certification and learning assets are created with a connected learning path in mind that benefits our customers. Strong communication and cross-group collaboration skills are necessary as you will be expected to stay plugged into all the relevant cloud-related product teams to keep abreast of rapid technology and industry changes that will drive the digital transformation of the industry. You will evaluate new technologies, features, and products, and curate existing content assets, create net-new content, and/or update existing content based on technical and industry changes. You’ll manage the content development schedule from concept and skills analysis all the way through final content release. Proven project management skills are essential to this role to keep projects on-track and on-budget during the content development life cycle. We want you to be our “authoritative source” for technical content. You will need to think creatively because our customers are counting on us to provide them with the right certification and learning at the right time. 
Responsibilities 
Primary roles and responsibilities of this position: 
Design, author, and publish the highest quality learning experiences centered around the suite of Microsoft Cloud Technologies and Services that support all our relevant technical audiences. This includes online content (for MS Learn), instructor lead content, hands on labs, narrative/text, videos, images, and interactive activities. 
Work with Microsoft Product, Field Sales, and Business Groups to curate content as well as create, refine, and align the learning experience with all technical and product cycles. 
Qualifications 
Hands-on technical experience with one or more of the Microsoft technology areas below along with a broad understanding of Microsoft product and service capabilities. 
2+ years of experience as a practicing Technical Specialist, Technical Consultant, Application Developer, App Maker, Trainer, or other technical role. 
Ability to create engaging and professional learning content in a variety of modalities including online and instructor led. 
Strong project management, communication, and cross-group collaboration capabilities. 
Experience developing innovative learning modalities such as team-based challenges. 
Technical training, and/or instructional design knowledge and Project Management experience highly valued. 
Hands on experience with more than one of the Microsoft technology areas below.
 
 
 Technology Area s : (Hands on experience with one or more area is required. 
Azure Applications/Infrastructure/Security 
Hands on experience implementing, managing, and monitoring an organization’s Microsoft Azure environment including Identity, Storage, Compute, and Networking. 
Deep understanding of Microsoft security products and solutions, in particular Sentinel and/or Defender and how they protect an organization. 
Hands-on experience in security operations, threat detection and analysis, incident response and secure network design. 
Experience designing, building, testing, and maintaining cloud applications and services on Microsoft Azure including compute and storage solutions, Docker and Kubernetes, and authentication and authorization. 
Azure Data and AI 
Expertise in creating and operating cloud data solutions using Azure Data platform services, such as Azure Synapse Analytics, Azure Cosmos DB, Azure SQL Database, Azure Data Factory, Azure Machine Learning, and Azure Databricks 
Familiarity with data science and machine learning technologies, including Python, Scikit-Learn, PyTorch, and TensorFlow. 
Experience developing cloud software solutions on Azure with C#, Python, or JavaScript/Node and Azure AI services, such as Cognitive Services and the Bot Framework. 
Business Applications 
Hands-on experience with Dynamics 365 Commerce, Fraud Protection, Human Resources, or Business Central. 
Hands-on experience with Dynamics 365 Finance and Operations apps. 
Power Platform 
Broad understanding of Power Platform business value and product capabilities. 
Hands-on experience with Power Apps and Power Automate. 
Hands-on experience with Power Virtual Agents and Power BI. 
#WWL 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Developer jobs in United States Jobs at Microsoft in United States Developer salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,268 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
