
 
 
 
 Manager, Digital Medicine Statistics, Early Clinical Development - Cambridge, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager, Digital Medicine Statistics, Early Clinical Development Pfizer 5,936 reviews Cambridge, MA Full-time Pfizer 5,936 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description ROLE SUMMARY
 The Manager, Digital Medicine Statistics, Early Clinical Development is responsible for ensuring sound statistical thinking and methods are utilized in the discovery and development of novel digital endpoints; bringing the principles of objective decision-making into the development, validation, and implementation of industry-leading digital health technology programs for incorporation into clinical trials across Pfizer’s portfolio; and is an integral member of a matrixed team, which develops and employs computational and statistical approaches to discover and validate digital endpoints and biomarkers.
 ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
 Collaborate with clinical teams and scientists in the design, analysis and reporting of clinical studies incorporating digital health technologies.
 Work with scientists to understand the biology and improve existing or derive new digital endpoints and develop ‘fit-for-purpose’ statistical models.
 Collaborate with interdisciplinary teams including clinicians, data scientists and data managers to develop, validate and deploy algorithms and analysis pipelines to derive digital endpoints for use in clinical trials.
 Collaborate with other statisticians to ensure rigorous approaches are taken and good scientific practices are followed: excellent statistical methods utilized and documented in protocols, analysis plans and manuscripts, and assay methods are appropriately blinded, randomized and designed to meet clear study objectives.
 Core member of scientific teams responsible for delivering results in a timely and high-quality manner.
 Interact with internal and external experts to assure sound quantitative approaches are applied to the collection and analysis of a wide variety of data types, including digital health technology data, imaging, and blood-based biomarkers.
 Bring innovative statistical thinking and methods to help drive data-driven drug discovery and development employing modern methods such as machine learning/AI, longitudinal and time series methods, multivariate and functional data analysis approaches, and Bayesian methodologies.
 Use statistical knowledge to prepare both internal and external reports, presentations, manuscripts, and documents for regulatory interaction.
 Ability to collaborate with peers to create business impact.
 QUALIFICATIONS
 Basic Qualifications
 MSc in Statistics, Biostatistics or in quantitative discipline such as Physics, Applied Mathematics, Bioengineering, Electrical Engineering coupled with high level of statistical expertise. Research experience with mathematical/statistical modeling using complex data and three or more years of industrial or similar experience.
 Technical Skills: Fluency in R programming
 Strong background in experimental design and statistical analysis including good understanding of inference and probability, competence in contemporary linear and predictive modeling including (longitudinal) mixed models, nonlinear regression, and predictive modeling.
 Genuine interest in biology and pharmaceutical development, with the attitude of self-directed scientist; demonstrated ability to multitask.
 Outstanding communication skills. Ability to explain statistical and modeling concepts to non-experts.
 Demonstrated ability to work effectively as a part of a team.
 Preferred Qualifications
 PhD in Statistics, Biostatistics or in quantitative discipline such as Physics, Applied Mathematics, Bioengineering, Electrical Engineering coupled with high level of statistical expertise. Research experience with mathematical/statistical modeling using complex data.
 Technical skills: Programming in Python; Knowledge of SAS and MATLAB.
 Pharmaceutical applications desired; Early clinical (phase I and phase II) and translational experience is an advantage.
 Familiarity with digital health technologies data, such as accelerometry, wearable devices and mobile app data.
 Knowledge of methods of signal processing including electrophysiological data analysis.
 Knowledge of functional data analysis approaches and Bayesian methods.
 Knowledge of machine learning algorithms, feature selection and optimization. 
 NON-STANDARD WORK SCHEDULE, TRAVEL OR ENVIRONMENT REQUIREMENTS
 Occasional travel required
 Other Job Details
 Eligible for Relocation Package
 Eligible for Employee Referral Bonus
 Sunshine Act
 Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider’s name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.
 EEO & Employment Eligibility
 Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.
 Medical Pfizer Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Digital Project Manager jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Pfizer in Cambridge, MA Digital Project Manager salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Pfizer Pfizer 5,936 reviews At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring treatments and therapies to people all over the globe. Every day, we work t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
