
 
 
 
 Social Media Specialist - Canal Point, FL 33438 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Social Media Specialist CrowdTamers Canal Point, FL 33438 Remote Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who you are 
You're familiar enough with social media that you know your tweets from your Instagram Stories, and you're a good enough English copy writer that you can keep your serial commas separate from your parentheses. You've maybe had a job or two in the marketing and social media space, but you're hungry and willing to learn from a team that's helped more than three dozen startups launch and scale their content marketing to date. 
Who we are 
CrowdTamers is a full-service marketing resource for small startups. We provide them with strategy, copy, design, execution, and results. We are often the difference between success and failure for a fledgling startup, and we are motivated by the stories we can share and the new businsesses we nurture. Our focus is on helping early-stage startups grow from $0 to $2MM a year in revenue. We serve all kinds of startups, from B2B AI infrastructure to B2C nonmedical therapy hardware. There’s a common thread in what we do, though: we help great ideas find their path to market. 
We are not your average agency. We're remote first, with team members in Mumbai, Nairobi, Kiev, and Montreal. We're recruiting for a remote role anywhere in the world, and have clients from 3 different continents. We don't bill by the hour, push unnecessary services, or hand off clients from team member to team member. CrowdTamers is developed around five-person crews that each manage a handful of clients, developing a bond with each other and our clients over years. Full time employees get benefits and profit sharing after they’ve been with us for a year, and we've already grown our MRR 300% this year alone. 
If you’re motivated by helping small teams punch above their weight and deliver top-notch results while working with an experienced team, we’d love to hear from you. 
What you'll do 
 Develop, implement and manage social media posts for our clients and for CrowdTamers 
 Report on important social media KPIs; 
 Manage and oversee social media content for multiple accounts and clients; 
 Learn social media management & copywriting from experts in the business 
 Develop working knowledge of posting best practices on Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter, Reddit, and more. 
 Work with editorial manager and designers to ensure content is informative and appealing; 
 Monitor user engagement and suggest content optimization; 
 Communicate with industry professionals and influencers via social media to create a strong network; 
 Analyze the performance of social media content to measure the success of every social media campaign and make adjustments / recommendations based on the data 
 Create monthly and quarterly reports on social media, as well as by campaign 
 Identify opportunities in user-generated content and exploit them to increase the relativity and authenticity of the brand 
 Your Background 
 2 years digital marketing experience or education in marketing 
 English fluency; writing copy is a big part of the job 
 At least a basic knowledge of using a graphic design tool like Canva is helpful 
 Agency experience would be a bonus 
 
This is currently a flexible part time position with the ability to increase the hours as the business platform grows. If you have a positive attitude with a drive to learn and grow professionally, we want to hear from you! 
 Apply here! CrowdTamers Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Social Media Specialist jobs in Canal Point, FL Jobs at CrowdTamers in Canal Point, FL Social Media Specialist salaries in Canal Point, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from CrowdTamers Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
