
 
 
 
 Senior Program Manager - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Program Manager Microsoft 7,268 reviews Atlanta, GA Full-time Microsoft 7,268 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft 365 is a key part of the company’s cloud strategy and overall mission of empowering people and organizations to achieve more. As part of the customer journey to the cloud there are times when they need to reach out to seek help from Microsoft and that’s where our team steps in to make sure that the customer support experience is best in class. Our team is responsible for the entire admin and support ecosystem starting from the Microsoft admin portal (https://admin.microsoft.com), support entry point experience, AI driven self-help, support agent tooling, diagnostics and making sure telemetry is readily available to all of engineering to continuously drive product improvements. Our team is full of people who have truly embraced a growth mindset, is not afraid to make mistakes, believes in doing and are obsessed about providing our customers the best support experience possible. 
The E+D program management (PM) team is looking for an innovative, collaborative PM capable of owning features and strategies that drive discontinuous change in our customer satisfaction. Key areas of ownership include building and scaling out an extensible support platform that empowers engineers to efficiently resolve customer issues, driving innovative features to measurably impact customer satisfaction across the most complex segments of customers. This is a huge after with lots of room for creativity, exploration and hacking. Our PM teams have expansive charters and very broad influence. If you are looking for high impact, grow a ton, and have fun doing it, you are the right person for the job.
 
As part of the team you will be expected to collaborate and drive efforts across multiple engineering managers and organizations; success will be through developing breakthrough ideas from start to finish with measurable and positive impact. In addition, you’ll need to have both excellence management and people skills paired with technical depth and passions. 
#CustomerEQ 
Responsibilities 
Key areas of ownership include building and scaling out an extensible AI platform and cloud service that empowers users to efficiently process large amount of customer feedback, obtain key insights with natural langauge processing technologies, driving innovative features to measurably impact customer satisfaction across the most complex segments of customers. This is a huge after with lots of room for creativity, exploration and hacking. Our PM teams have expansive charters and very broad influence. If you are looking to make a big impact, grow a ton, and have fun doing it, you are the right person for the job.
 
As part of the team you will be expected to collaboration and drive efforts across multiple engineering managers and organizations; success will be through developing breakthrough ideas from start to finish with measurable and positive impact. 
Qualifications 
Basic Requirements:
 
 5+ years of industry experience in Program Management
 Proven track record of going technically deep and delivering cloud scale technologies Demonstrated ability to use data to influence & drive decisions 
Additional Requirements: 
 Experience in building and shipping scalable cloud and web services Experience in natural language processing, machine learning, or other related AI technologies Ability to negotiate and collaborate across groups to achieve customer success
 Proven track record in product management Strong customer focus 
#CustomerEQ 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Program Manager jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Microsoft in Atlanta, GA Senior Program Manager salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,268 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
