
 
 
 
 Research Biologist (Computational/Bioinformatics) (Research Associate) - Saint Paul, MN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Biologist (Computational/Bioinformatics) (Research Associate) US Agricultural Research Service Saint Paul, MN $69,505 - $90,362 a year  -   Full-time Job details Salary $69,505 - $90,362 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 A research and training opportunity for aspiring and experienced biologists with an emphasis on computational biostatistics, bioinformatics, or statistics with a strong motivation for advancing data science in a collaborative research environment. The incumbent will apply machine learning and artificial intelligence to develop phenotyping methods for plant breeding. 
 
U.S. Citizens and Permanent Residents seeking U.S. Citizenship may apply. 
 
 **ANNOUNCEMENT IS OPEN UNTIL FILLED OR 08/29/2022** 
 Responsibilities 
 Collects image data from the greenhouse and various fields using cameras and drones. 
 Identifies quantitative trait loci (QTL) for autotetraploid alfalfa. 
 Predicts and selects the best germplasm with high digestibility and biomass yield for alfalfa breeding. 
 Explores the concepts of design-oriented or prescriptive plant breeding with machine learning. 
 Travel Required 
 Occasional travel - Local and domestic travel travel will be required for field work and to attend training and scientific meetings and conferences. 
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 11
 Job family (Series) 
 0401 General Natural Resources Management And Biological Sciences
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 Males born after 12/31/1959 must be Selective Service registered or exempt. 
 Subject to satisfactory adjudication of background investigation and/or fingerprint check. 
 Direct Deposit: Per Public Law 104-134 all Federal employees are required to have federal payments made by direct deposit to their financial institution. 
 Successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit E-Verify at https://www.e-verify.gov/. 
 Appropriations Law and Immigration Law requirements must be met. 
 Qualifications 
 This position requires a Ph.D in biology or a related field of study that has equipped the applicant with the necessary knowledge, skills and abilities to perform the duties and responsibilities of the position.  Knowledge of data analytics and coding skills in R or Python is highly desired.
 
 
Applicants must meet basic Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standard's requirements of the scientific discipline necessary to perform the duties and responsibilities of the position. The Qualification Standard for the General Natural Resources Management and Biological Sciences Series, 0401 can be found in this link: General Natural Resources Management and Biological Sciences Series 0401 (opm.gov) 
 Education 
 This position has a positive education requirement. You must submit a copy of your academic transcripts OR a list of college courses with credit hours, dates completed, and grades received to verify education when applying for this position. If this information is not provided, your education may not be appropriately evaluated and you may lose consideration for this position. If you are selected for this position, you will have to provide an official copy of your transcripts prior to entering on duty. Application materials will not be returned. 
 
A Ph.D. is required that was obtained within the last four years.
 Additional information 
 N/A 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 Your application will be evaluated to determine if you meet eligibility and minimum qualification requirements, and on the extent to which your application shows that you possess the knowledge, skills, and abilities (KSAs) associated with the position as defined above under "Qualifications". 
Note: If, after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities, or you may be found ineligible. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating. Providing inaccurate information on Federal documents could be grounds for non-selection or disciplinary action up to including removal from the Federal service. 
 
Clicking the link below will present a preview of the application form; i.e. the online questionnaire. The application form link below will only provide a preview and does not initiate the application process. To initiate the online application process, click the "Apply" button to the right. 
 
To view the application form, visit:https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11210975 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Not Required
 Drug test required 
 No
 Position sensitivity and risk 
 Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
 Trust determination process 
 Suitability/Fitness
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 The following documents are required for your applicant package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for incompatible software, your system failure, etc. Encrypted documents will not be accepted. Failure to submit required, legible documents may result in loss of consideration.
 
 Resume that includes:1) personal information such as name, address, contact information; 2) education; 3) detailed work experience related to this position as described in the major duties including work schedule, hours worked per week, dates of employment; title, series, grade (if applicable); 4) other qualifications. 
 If education is required or you are using education to qualify, you must submit a copy of your college transcripts. An unofficial copy is sufficient with the application if it includes your name and the necessary course information; however, if you are selected, you will be required to submit official transcripts prior to entering on duty. Education must have been successfully obtained from an accredited school, college or university. If any education was completed at a foreign institute, you must submit with your application evidence that the institute was appropriately accredited by an accrediting body recognized by the U.S. Department of Education as equivalent to U.S. education standards. There are private organizations that specialize in this evaluation and a fee is normally associated with this service. For a list of private organizations that evaluate education, visit the NACES website. All transcripts must be in English or include an English translation. 
 If claiming veteran's preference, you must submit a DD214, Certificate of Release from Active Duty, which shows dates of service and discharge under honorable conditions.If currently on active duty you must submit a certification of expected discharge or release from active duty service under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted.Veteran's preference must be verified prior to appointment.Without this documentation, you will not receive veteran's preference and your application will be evaluated based on the material(s) submitted. 
 If claiming 10-point veteran's preference you must provide the DD214 or certification requirements (see above bullet), plus the proof of entitlement of this preference as listed on the SF-15 Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference. The SF-15 should be included but is not required. Failure to submit these documents could result in the determination that there is insufficient documentation to support your claim for 10-point preference. For more information on veterans' preference visit FEDSHIREVETS 
 Surplus or displaced employees eligible for CTAP, RPL, or ICTAP priority must provide: proof of eligibility (RIF separation notice, notice of proposed removal for declining a transfer of function or directed reassignment to another commuting area, notice of disability annuity termination), SF-50 documenting separation (as applicable), and your most recent SF-50 noting position, grade level, and duty location with your application per 5 CFR 330. 
 
 If application packages do not contain all of the requested information, you may lose consideration for the job. To help you ensure your application fully outlines your qualifications and eligibility for this position, please submit the following documentation as appropriate. Some of the items listed may not apply to you. NOTE: Applications received in postage paid government envelopes will not be considered. 
 
 As an Applicant for a Postdoctoral Research Associate Position, you must also submit the following: 
 __ A one-page abstract of Ph.D. dissertation. 
 __ A resume of any honors or awards received; memberships in professional or honor societies; invitations to make presentations at scientific/technical meetings; scientific society office and committee assignments; presentations (other than invitations); and publications. 
__ A list of names, addresses, and phone numbers of persons familiar with your stature, contributions, and recognition. 
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 The public
 U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S. usajobs.gov 17 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Associate jobs in Saint Paul, MN Jobs at US Agricultural Research Service in Saint Paul, MN Research Associate salaries in Saint Paul, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from US Agricultural Research Service Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
