
 
 
 
 Sr. Director, Digital Learning Systems - Cambridge, MA 02139 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Director, Digital Learning Systems Moderna 51 reviews Cambridge, MA 02139 Full-time Moderna 51 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Role:
 At Moderna we are obsessed with Learning and are in search of a dynamic, bold and visionary Digital Learning leader to join us in re-imagining and crafting an innovative. engaging, and personalized approach to learning. We are looking for someone who has a proven record of transforming learning platforms and ecosystems to engage and continuously educate employees.
 Our Digital Team is focused on improving processes through a period of rapid growth by leveraging cutting edge and state-of-the-art technologies across every aspect of the business. Our is to have innovative and disruptive businesses processes enabled by a fully integrated ecosystem of data, business systems and applications.
 If you are passionate about the intersection of Digital, Learning and Knowledge and keen on accelerating the impact of effective learning to drive growth and create competitive advantages for Moderna, this may be the job for you.
 Here’s What You’ll Do:
 Drive an innovative, engaging, and effective approach to personalized digital learning with an associate centered lens
 Outline and assess Learning capabilities and develop a Digital Roadmap for both internal and external learning.
 Own and drive Learning platform architecture, design, build, integration, performance and experience delivery.
 Identify, define and manage innovative tools and processes for content development.
 Develop a cross functional content management and governance strategy
 Understand the learning technology industry, manage vendor relationships, and take a holistic approach to decision making for the learning technology product suite
 Drive AI enabled personalized and individual learning experience approach.
 Define a metric driven approach to continuously improve learning processes and systems.
 Partner cross functionally to align functional needs and strategies by overseeing the research of learner needs, learning environments, knowledge gaps, and behavioral changes.
 Build, lead, and mentor a high performing team (comprising of a mix of internal and external partners) for managing learning architecture, creative & UX to deliver value with agility, flexibility and scalability as needed by the organization.
 Here’s What You’ll Bring to the Table:
 A desire to be part of a high-growth, transformational company that is  Bold, Relentless, Curious, and Collaborative
 15+ years of cross functional digital experience with managing technology transformations through initiatives such as RFPs, cloud implementations, system integrations, platform updates/upgrades, and new feature launches
 5+ years of experience in managing LMS Platforms such as Success Factors, Cornerstone, Learning Experience Platforms and Content Authoring tools.
 Bachelor’s degree required, Master's degree in a related field is preferred
 Ability to analyze learning needs and develop long term strategies to ensure learning is integrated into business practices.
 Demonstrated thought-leadership in learning, challenging the status quo and achieving exceptional results
 Hands on experience in crafting a strategic vision, roadmap and tactical plans
 Experience in advising and influencing senior level management/key stakeholders
 Proven ability to influence and effectively drive organizational change and continuous innovation.
 Here’s What We’ll Bring to the Table:
 On-site subsidized cafeteria or catered lunches
 Company-provided iPhone
 Free parking, monthly subway pass or a subsidized commuter rail pass
 Free annual corporate membership to Bluebikes
 Highly competitive healthcare coverage including: medical offered through BCBS (HMO/PPO), dental, and vision offered through VSP
 Flexible Spending Accounts for medical expenses and dependent care expenses
 16 weeks of 100% paid parental leave for all new parents
 16 weeks 100% paid family caregiver leave
 20 weeks 100% paid medical leave
 Eligible for “Moderna Month” (one month paid sabbatical after five years of service and eligible for additional one month paid sabbatical every 3 years thereafter)
 Adoption assistance and discounts to local childcare centers, as well as access to care.com
 401k (traditional and Roth offered) with 50% match on first 6% deferred. Match is vested immediately
 A suite of Moderna paid insurance coverage, including: life insurance, short-term and long-term disability
 Voluntary legal assistance plan
 15 days’ vacation and 7 sick days per year, in addition to a discretionary winter shut down and 11 company paid holidays (includes 2 floating holidays)
 Candidates should be aware that Moderna currently maintains a policy requiring all US-based employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Newly hired employees must be vaccinated prior to their employment start date. Moderna is an equal opportunity employer and will provide a reasonable accommodation to those unable to be vaccinated where it is not an undue hardship to the company to do so as provided under federal, state, and local law.
 About Moderna:
 In 10 years since its inception, Moderna has transformed from a science research-stage company advancing programs in the field of messenger RNA (mRNA), to an enterprise with a diverse clinical portfolio of vaccines and therapeutics across six modalities, a broad intellectual property portfolio in areas including mRNA and lipid nanoparticle formulation, and an integrated manufacturing plant that allows for both clinical and commercial production at scale and at unprecedented speed. Moderna maintains alliances with a broad range of domestic and overseas government and commercial collaborators, which has allowed for the pursuit of both groundbreaking science and rapid scaling of manufacturing. Most recently, Moderna’s capabilities have come together to allow the authorized use of one of the earliest and most effective vaccines against the COVID-19 pandemic.
 Moderna’s mRNA platform builds on continuous advances in basic and applied mRNA science, delivery technology and manufacturing, and has allowed the development of therapeutics and vaccines for infectious diseases, immuno-oncology, rare diseases, cardiovascular diseases and auto-immune diseases. Moderna has been named a top biopharmaceutical employer by Science for the past six years. To learn more, visit www.modernatx.com .
 Moderna is a smoke-free, alcohol-free and drug-free work environment.
 Moderna is committed to equal employment opportunity and non-discrimination for all employees and qualified applicants without regard to a person’s race, color, gender, age, religion, national origin, ancestry, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation or any characteristic protected under applicable law. Moderna will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law. 
 
 Moderna, Inc. 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Director jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Moderna in Cambridge, MA Senior Director salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Moderna Moderna 51 reviews Moderna is advancing messenger RNA (mRNA) science to create a new class of transformative medicines for patients. mRNA medicines are desi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
