
 
 
 
 Sr. Machine Learning Engineer - California - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Machine Learning Engineer Change Healthcare 1,196 reviews California Full-time Change Healthcare 1,196 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Artificial Intelligence, Sr. Machine Learning (AI / ML) Engineer will be responsible for supporting Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Data Science solutions for Change Healthcare, reporting to an AI Engineering Lead under the Office of the Chief Data Officer. We’re looking for engineers with a passion for Artificial Intelligence to help drive a new generation of data and machine learning-enabled services and products to impact healthcare. 
You will enjoy working with a highly talented and diverse team of data scientists and engineers specializing in deep learning, active learning, and classical machine learning on one of the richest data sets in US healthcare. You'll be equipped with nearly limitless cloud compute resources and be expected to deliver business impact through implementation of a large pipeline of AI models. 
The ideal candidate will have a background in Python, have experience working with large data sets, and have experience in building and deploying data-driven solutions. You are focused on results, a self-starter, able to put the team-first, and have demonstrated success in using data science to develop and deploy solutions with a focus on impact. 
Responsibilities: 
In this role, you will enjoy working with a highly talented and diverse team of data scientists and engineers specializing in deep learning, active learning, and classical machine learning with one of the richest data sets in US healthcare, nearly limitless cloud compute resources including Spark clusters and GPUs, and the ability to support a large pipeline of AI models directly into business impact. 
The ideal candidate will have a background in python, have experience working with large data sets, and have experience in building Machine Learning Platforms, applied Machine Learning and deploying data-driven solutions. You are focused on results, a self-starter, able to put the team-first, and have demonstrated success in using data science to develop and deploy solutions with a focus on impact. 
What are the requirements needed for this position? 
Experience rapidly deploying AI solutions to production on a DevOps-focused team 
Experience in building ML models and Data Pipelines at scale 
MS in Computer Science with 5 years experience or Phd with 2 years experience 
Fluency in Python. Python3 experience preferred 
Spark or Pyspark experience preferred 
Proficiency using Kubeflow, Airflow or other workflows and Docker containerization 
Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance 
The ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner 
Preferred experience with tools such as SparkML/Kubernetes, some TensorFlow experience 
Experience with large data sets and distributed computing (Spark) 
Experience in AWS or GCP using tools such as EMR, S3, EC2, Deep Learning AMI’s, SageMaker 
Above average capabilities with cloud computing techniques or tools such as S3, EC2, EMR, SageMaker, ECS, Docker, Gitlab CI, Python packaging, command-line executions and shell scripting 
Knowledge of common data structures and ability to write efficient code in Python 
Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills, including the ability to describe the logic and implications of a complex model to all types of partners (product managers, engineers, designers, senior executives) 
Deep expertise in two or more areas: conversational interfaces, NLP, machine learning, artificial intelligence (AI), deep learning, enterprise search/question answering, speech-to-text, data analytics. 
Proven knowledge of ChatBot and hands-on experience utilizing frameworks like AWS Lex, Cortana, API.ai, wit.ai, or equivalent 
Join our team today where we are creating a better coordinated, increasingly collaborative, and more efficient healthcare system! 
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Statement 
 Change Healthcare is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, or veteran status. To read more about employment discrimination protections under federal law, read  EEO is the Law  at https://www.eeoc.gov/employers/eeo-law-poster and the supplemental information at https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf. 
If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to applyaccommodations@changehealthcare.com with "Applicant requesting reasonable accommodation" as the subject. Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted. 
Click here https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_%20English_formattedESQA508c.pdf to view our pay transparency nondiscrimination policy. 
California (US) Residents: By submitting an application to Change Healthcare for consideration of any employment opportunity, you acknowledge that you have read and understood Change Healthcare’s Privacy Notice to California Job Applicants Regarding the Collection of Personal Information. 
Change Healthcare maintains a drug free workplace and conducts pre-employment drug-testing, where applicable, in accordance with federal, state and local laws. Change Healthcare 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in California Jobs at Change Healthcare in California Machine Learning Engineer salaries in California Company Info Follow Get job updates from Change Healthcare Change Healthcare 1,196 reviews Change Healthcare is one of the largest, independent healthcare technology companies in the United States. We provide software and analyt... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
