
 
 
 
 Vice President, Content Strategy - Boston, MA 02210 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 information By using Indeed you agree to our new  Privacy Policy ,  Cookie Policy  and  Terms , which we encourage you to review. OK Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Vice President, Content Strategy Fidelity Investments 4,017 reviews Boston, MA 02210 Full-time Fidelity Investments 4,017 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description: 
Are you an empathetic, agile, digital-first problem solver who is adept at content design and is passionate about building and nurturing exceptional teams? If yes, Fidelity Investments currently has an opening for you! 
As a VP of Content Design, you'll be responsible for nurturing and developing our brand identity, voice, and tone guidelines. As a member of the Content Management team, you’ll lead a team of Content Designers who support the Wealth Management Domain. The Content Design team creates intuitive experiences with clear and conversational language to support customers who are planning and investing for their future. You'll ensure experiences for planning and advice services on the Fidelity mobile app and Fidelity.com are customer-focused and easy to use. 
You’ll play a critical role in leading the strategy for using APIs, artificial intelligence, personalization, and content management platforms to deliver useful, personalized content to our customers. You’ll be critical in making connections between designers, technologists, marketing, and the business to drive innovation and deliver best-in-class digital experiences that instill confidence in our customers. 
You'll encourage high performance and innovation by engaging employees in decision-making and lead by understanding and serving the team's needs. You'll work with Product Area Leads and the Head of Content to determine and manage staffing across the domain. This is a growing area so your proven ability to recruit, hire, and onboard new associates is critical. 
The Expertise You Have 
10+ years progressive leadership in digital content design and/or content strategy with at least 5 years managing a team of 5 or more strategists/designers. 
Experience building personalized multichannel experiences with agile methodologies. 
5 + years' experience in financial services, financial planning, or wealth management. 
Content design leadership with a strong depth of field—going macro with strategy, but can get micro with execution when the need arises 
Experience building and leading teams with a focus on diversity and inclusion. 
The Skills You Bring 
Adept with the technical aspects of content strategy, such as SEO, taxonomy, APIs, personalization through machine learning and AI, and storing and organizing a large volume of content 
Use data and analytics to improve the customer experience 
Build credibility and trust with peers and executives and enjoy working in a complex organization with multiple decision-makers 
Value pace over perfection by helping the team determine what to prioritize and how to negotiate with business partners to ensure we're focused on the most critical work across the Domain. 
Have executive presence and the ability to communicate effectively to technical and non-technical audiences. 
Mastery of agile methodologies, design thinking, and employing techniques that ensure the team is solving the right problem 
The Value You Deliver 
Ensures the content design team is visible across the enterprise and engaged in high priority work 
Collaborates with leaders of business, design, research, development, and other partners to improve the visibility of Content Design and integrate content early in the product development process. 
Influences a test, learn, and optimize approach to content development so the team can make data-informed decisions on the topics, tone, language, and delivery of content. 
Works across teams to deliver a cohesive customer experience across products and channels 
Company Overview 
At Fidelity, we are passionate about making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want! We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associate for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com. Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. 
Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to complete the application or interview process. Please email us at accommodations@fmr.com or call  800-835-5099 , prompt 2, option 2 if you would like to request an accommodation. 
Certifications: 
Company Overview 
 
At Fidelity Investments, our customers are at the heart of everything we do. As a privately held company with a rich 75-year history, our mission has remained the same since our founding:  to strengthen the financial well-being of our clients . We help people invest and plan for their future. We assist companies and non-profit organizations in delivering benefits to their employees. And we provide institutions and independent advisors with investment and technology solutions to help invest their own clients’ money. 
 
 Join Us 
 
At Fidelity, you’ll find endless opportunities to build a meaningful career that positively impacts peoples’ lives, including yours. You can take advantage of flexible benefits that support you through every stage of your career, empowering you to thrive at work and at home. And you don’t need a finance background to succeed at Fidelity—we offer a range of opportunities for learning and growth so you can build the career you’ve always imagined. We welcome associates from different backgrounds and with different perspectives to help us innovate and make a difference for our customers and our communities. 
 
We invite you to  Find Your Fidelity  at fidelitycareers.com. 
Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that the most effective way to attract, develop and retain a diverse workforce is to build an enduring culture of inclusion and belonging. 
 
Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation, contact the HR Leave of Absence/Accommodation Team by sending an email to accommodations @fmr.com, or by calling  800-835-5099 , prompt 2, option 2. Fidelity Investments 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President of Strategy jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Fidelity Investments in Boston, MA Vice President of Strategy salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments 4,017 reviews At Fidelity Investments, you'll discover challenges that excite you as you develop professionally and explore many career paths based on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
