
 
 
 
 Associate Commercial Counsel (United States) - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Commercial Counsel (United States) FloQast 2 reviews United States Remote Full-time FloQast 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description FloQast is seeking a Junior Commercial Counsel to support our day to day legal affairs at a growth-stage, venture-backed software Company. You’ll be a crucial player in our in-house Legal team, joining and reporting to our Sr. Commercial Counsel as we collaborate to continue to build out our growing team. Providing strategic legal advice across the entire Company, you’ll balance legal needs with Company values and objectives. This is an opportunity with a lot of potential for growth within the organization as we scale our legal team. 
The ideal successful candidate will be able to handle multiple areas of responsibilities autonomously, demonstrating excellent critical judgement with a hands-on approach. This is a great opportunity to work on a broad range of projects across multiple departments and play a key role in supporting the Company’s rapid growth. 
We are primarily seeking Los Angeles, CA-based candidates, though we will consider remote candidates. Visa sponsorship is NOT available at this time 
 Responsibilities Include: 
Support the Sales and Marketing teams with commercial and contractual matters. You’ll draft, review and negotiate a wide variety of agreements including professional services agreements, software licenses, and marketing agreements and manage the process behind vendor agreements. 
Work with internal clients to advise on negotiation strategy and ensure the contemplated legal terms will meet business needs over the long term. 
Work with stakeholders in the business to analyze, manage, and mitigate risk. 
Develop and improve our library of form agreements and templates to comply with changes in law and changes in the market. 
Collaborate with other members of the Legal Team to improve standard processes for contracting and complying with contractual obligations. 
Design and implement additional staff training around areas that interest you. 
Advance a culture of information security by protecting customer and user information and identifying opportunities to strengthen that culture further. 
Collaborate with other members of the legal team and internal stakeholders on ad-hoc projects. 
Perform other duties or special projects as needed. 
 Requirements: 
2 Years’ experience with commercial contracts. 
Basic understanding of commercial SaaS licensing model. 
Admission to and in good standing with the California bar (or equivalent with in house waiver/registration). 
Earned a law degree somewhere (fancy schools are helpful; ultimately, we're all about demonstrated skills, not degree & pedigree). 
2 + years at a law firm or at a software or tech company selling products on a subscription basis. 
 
 Desired Qualities and Skills: 
Expertise in data privacy and security laws and best practices. 
Demonstrably shined wherever you've been. 
Worked in a high-stakes environment. 
Flexible and adaptable in a quickly changing, high-growth Company. 
Expert communicator, verbally and in writing, who is capable of explaining complicated topics to those without legal training. 
Critical thinker: skilled at problem solving and you take a pragmatic, business-minded approach to legal analyses and risk assessments. 
 #LI-Remote 
#LI-BT1 
#BI-Remote 
About FloQast  www.floqast.com 
Recognized as a 2020 Technology Fast 500 by Deloitte, FloQast is the leader in accounting workflow automation created by accountants for accountants to work smarter, not harder. The cloud-based, AI-enhanced software is trusted by more than 1,000 accounting teams, including those at Lyft, Twilio, Instacart, Zoom and The Golden State Warriors—and proud to be rated #1 across all user review sites. By automating common accounting workflows and helping to streamline and make them more efficient, FloQast is the place where accounting teams want to work so they can focus on what matters most, even when that’s just going home on time. Whether automating reconciliations, documentation requests or other workflows such as the month-end close, financial reporting or payroll, FloQast enhances the way accounting teams already work to help them work smarter. Learn more at floqast.com. 
We are fanatics about the success of our customers. Check us out on G2 Crowd 
We are equally fanatic about creating and maintaining a fabulous culture of support and success for all employees. Check us out on Glassdoor 
We are moving quickly and there is a huge upside opportunity in terms of career growth 
FloQast offers competitive compensation, stock options, full benefits, and a positive and supportive work environment 
Named Inc's Best Workplaces in 2021 
Named among Best Places to Work by LA Business Journal in 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
Ranked #10 on The SaaS 1000 
FloQast, Inc is committed to operating fair and unbiased recruitment procedures allowing all applicants an equal opportunity for employment, free from discrimination on the basis of religion, race, sex, age, sexual orientation, disability, color, ethnic or national origin, or any other classification as may be protected by applicable law. We aim to recruit the right people for the jobs we have to offer, and to assess applications on the basis of relevant skills, education, and experience. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and strive to provide a professional and welcoming workplace for all employees. 
If you are a Colorado or Connecticut resident, please contact us by emailing  hiring@floqast.com  to receive compensation and benefits information for this role. Please include the job title in the subject line of the email Floqast Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Counsel jobs in United States Jobs at FloQast in United States Counsel salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from FloQast 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
