
 
 
 
 Senior Software Engineer - Hillsboro, OR 97124 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 information By using Indeed you agree to our new  Privacy Policy ,  Cookie Policy  and  Terms , which we encourage you to review. OK Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Engineer Intel 5,494 reviews Hillsboro, OR 97124 Full-time Intel 5,494 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
Human and AI Systems Research (HAR) Lab in Intel Labs focuses on multi-disciplinary research spanning ethnography, design, HCI, and AI to create Human/AI collaborative systems that can amplify human potential and create sustainable and transparent AI solutions. We utilize multi-modal signals (e.g. vision, audio, speech, language, physiology) and AI to infer and predict human state and actions and enable contextual learning for physically situated recognition, dialog, and interactions. We conduct fundamental and applied research in the context of vertical domains including manufacturing, education, enterprise, and assistive computing. 
 
Intel Labs is an industry-leading research organization, responsible for driving Intel's technology pipeline, product innovations, and creating new opportunities. The mission of Intel Labs is to deliver breakthrough technologies to fuel Intel's growth. This includes identifying and exploring compelling new technologies and high-risk opportunities ahead of business unit investment and demonstrating first-to-market technologies and innovative new usages for computing technology. Intel Labs engages the leading thinkers in academia and industry in addition to partnering closely with Intel business units. 
 
HAR is looking for a full-time senior SW / Systems Engineer with deep knowledge of coding languages, SW and OS frameworks, MLOPS experience, and hands-on experience on POC and system deployments in real conditions. 
 
The ideal candidate should be an eager and fast learner of new technologies, who can work hands-on on research projects being conducted in one or more of HAR's interdisciplinary focus areas. 
 
In this position, you will collaborate with a diverse team of UX and AI researchers, as well as other SW and HW engineers to create complete systems integrating horizontal capabilities being developed within the team (e.g. object and person tracking, activity recognition, gesture recognition, emotion recognition, dialog systems, etc.) and leverage them to create compelling experiences. 
 
These POCs and end-to-end solutions will be deployed in real settings such as manufacturing facilities, workplaces, schools, and homes, with final users testing them and providing feedback for iterative design and development. They will also be demonstrated to stakeholders, showed in internal and external events, and enable publication of novel findings in top-tier journals and conferences. 
Qualifications 
You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experiences listed may be obtained through academic coursework or projects, prior internships, or comparable industry roles. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
The candidate must possess a Bachelor’s degree, Master’s degree, or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, Computer engineering, or Electrical Engineering 
2+ years of experience in the below area: 
General programming languages (Python, C, C++, C#, Java) 
Deep knowledge of modern programming paradigms 
Developing end-to-end systems and solutions (web apps, client/server applications) 
OS sysadmin and OS scripting (Linux Bash, Windows) 
Preferred Qualifications: 
End-to-end setup and deployment of integrated HW/SW/AI systems in real settings 
ROS Operating system 
Back-end web development (Node.js, REST, WebServices) 
Containers technologies (e.g. Docker, etc.) 
SW lifecycle CI/CD technologies (e.g. Git, etc.) 
Internals of Linux distributions including packaging, debugging, performance analysis (i.e. Ubuntu) 
Popular deep learning frameworks (e.g. Pytorch, Tensorflow) for training and Inferencing 
Front-end web development (HTML5/CSS/JavaScript, Responsive Design, React) 
Best practices for ML model lifecycles (MLOPS) 
Requirements listed would be obtained through a combination of industry-relevant job experience, internship experiences, and or school work/classes/research. 
Inside this Business Group 
Intel Labs is the company's world-class, industry leading research organization, responsible for driving Intel's technology pipeline and creating new opportunities. The mission of Intel Labs is to deliver breakthrough technologies to fuel Intel's growth. This includes identifying and exploring compelling new technologies and high risk opportunities ahead of business unit investment and demonstrating first-to-market technologies and innovative new usages for computing technology. Intel Labs engages the leading thinkers in academia and industry in addition to partnering closely with Intel business units. 
Other Locations 
 
US, California, Santa Clara 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Hillsboro, OR Jobs at Intel in Hillsboro, OR Senior Software Engineer salaries in Hillsboro, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,494 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
