
 
 
 
 Talend Engineer - Allentown, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Talend Engineer Capgemini 8,221 reviews Allentown, PA Capgemini 8,221 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :6+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Data Engineering Talend Job Description 
Expertise in building data pipelines, data ingestions , data integrations , data preparations, NLP's and traditional Data-warehouse/BI systems across multiple projects. 
Expertise in designing, validating and implementing multiple projects (BI & Analytical) across the hybrid infrastructure (On-cloud to On-Premise and vice versa) 
Required to involve and participate in data architecture, data modeling, statistical modeling and regression analysis. 
Research and discover new methods to acquire data, store data and explore various file formats. 
Required to collaborate and work with multiple team members between various teams and mentor junior team members. 
Prepare functional, technical design documentation for application development 
Involve in Architecture review and guidance on best practices 
Willing to work across multiple Data Engineering platforms and projects. 
Requirements : 
Ten plus years in Data Engineering (BI/DWH/ETL) Development experience, at least 4-5 years with Talend and Big Data. 
Candidate should be comfortable working with Talend Data Mapper, Micro services, CICD workflow and complex transformation components. 
Manage Talend code artifacts using repository tools such as Git/SVN 
Well versed with deploying, migrating, and publishing code in Talend Environments 
Should have experience integrating on premise sources with anyone of the Cloud platform : AWS/GCP/Azure 
Experienced in database solution languages, especially SQL, Cassandra, and Big table. In addition, minimum experienced with traditional databases like Oracle, SQL Server and IBM Iseries. 
Experienced with Hadoop-based analytics, such as HBase, Hive, Pig, Map Reduce and Apache Sqoop and Apache Spark. 
Experienced with multiple operating systems, especially UNIX, Linux, Solaris and some cloud platforms. 
Proficiency in languages, especially R, SAS, Python, C/C++, Ruby Perl and Java? 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Allentown, PA Jobs at Capgemini in Allentown, PA Engineer salaries in Allentown, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,221 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
