
 
 
 
 Research Fellow - Artificial Intelligence - Scottsdale, AZ 85250 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Fellow - Artificial Intelligence Mayo Clinic 2,283 reviews Scottsdale, AZ 85250 Mayo Clinic 2,283 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description City 
Scottsdale 
State 
Arizona 
Telecommute 
No 
Department 
Radiology 
Why Mayo Clinic 
The Research shield at Mayo Clinic is committed to creating a diverse environment and recognizes that diverse research teams make better decisions, are more equipped to solve complex problems and adapt to change, and produce better outcomes. That diversity is about opening up to unconventional ideas that create better outcomes while recognizing colleagues' unique contributions. Become part of the legacy that embraces these differences and enables us to provide the best care to patients from all over the world.
 Position description 
A Research Fellow at Mayo Clinic is a temporary position intended to provide training and education in research. Individuals will train in the research program of a Mayo Clinic principal investigator. Qualified individuals will demonstrate the potential for research as evidenced by their training and peer-reviewed publications and should become competitive for national research grants. Proof of English proficiency is required for J-1 Short-Term Scholars, Research Scholars, Professors, Specialists, and Student Interns sponsored by Mayo Clinic.
 The Department of Radiology at Mayo Clinic Arizona is seeking a post-doctoral research fellow to join our multi-disciplinary team. The Research Fellow will collaborate closely with physicians and scientists within Mayo Clinic Arizona and across the Mayo Clinic enterprise to develop novel AI applications in medical imaging and help translate them into clinical use. 
The following is required for completeness of application: 
Current curriculum vitae with bibliography 
Proof of doctoral degree (copy of diploma or final transcript with English translation, if applicable) or a letter from your university's Registrar office indicating you have fulfilled all doctoral program requirements and are eligible to graduate. 
Please also be prepared that you may be asked to provide three letters of recommendation to the hiring PI prior to an interview. 
Qualifications 
Must have a Ph.D., M.D., or equivalent doctoral degree in a field deemed relevant by the program. Research Fellow is appropriate for individuals who have completed no more than one prior postdoctoral fellowship, at Mayo Clinic or elsewhere. 
Benefits eligible 
Yes 
Schedule 
Full Time 
Site description 
Over the next four years, Mayo Clinic is making significant investments in both the physical and technological future of health care, through doubling the size of the Mayo Clinic campus in Phoenix, inclusive of practice, education, and research activities. Mayo Clinic's campuses in Arizona are located in Phoenix and Scottsdale, in the beautiful Sonoran Desert. The region is known as the Valley of the Sun, a metropolitan area with more than 4 million residents in 25 cities and towns. 
With Phoenix being the sixth largest city in the nation, this sunny "desert metropolis" offers the amenities of a big city in the midst of a strikingly beautiful, rugged, southwest landscape. 
Scottsdale frequently earns praise as a highly desirable place to live. The city's more than 200,000 residents enjoy a vibrant mix of culinary hot spots, arts and entertainment, professional and collegiate sports teams, and community resources. The region's desert climate promotes an outdoor lifestyle with a full complement of sports and recreation. 
Category 
Postdoc & Temporary Research 
Specialty 
Radiology, Research 
Job posting number 
141651BR 
Recruiter 
Lei Feng 
Equal opportunity employer 
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available. 
Email Mayo Clinic 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Fellow jobs in Scottsdale, AZ Jobs at Mayo Clinic in Scottsdale, AZ Research Fellow salaries in Scottsdale, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mayo Clinic Mayo Clinic 2,283 reviews Mayo Clinic is the first and largest integrated, not-for-profit medical group practice in the world. Doctors from every medical specialty... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
