
 
 
 
 Research Scientist - Louisville, KY 40222 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist InfoBeyond Technology Louisville, KY 40222 Job details Salary $79,000 - $84,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties:
 
Conduct research and develop data communications, protocols, and services. Develop state-of-the-art analyzing and learning approach to identify the abnormal traffic events in network, cloud, or other information systems. Develop and prototype Artificial Intelligence (AI) or deep learning algorithms for real-time traffic analysis. Develop a network and cloud diagnosis tool based on the research in support of monitoring the network performance. Develop algorithm to identify network abnormal events, assess the risks, or pinpoint the performance problems. Evaluate and test the effectiveness of the implement diagnosis algorithms. Design and develop software products corresponding to the research results. Design software framework and build architecture with software modules that implements the algorithm functionalities. Assess the software system efficiency and usability to meet the market requirements.
 Requirements: 
Must possess a Master's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or Computer Engineering plus 12 months experience as a Research/Teaching Assistant or Software Engineer. Experience must include research experience in networks, communications, machine learning, and theoretical background in probability and stochastic processes. (Employer accepts research experience gained before/during Ph.D. studies.) Technical skill set must include C/C++, Python, or Java. Must have published research papers/scientific articles in IEEE journals or conferences in the areas of communications, clouds, or machine learning areas. 
 Compensation:
 
$79,000.00 to $84,000.00 per year.
 Job Location: Louisville, KY
 
Working conditions: 40+ hours per week.
 Submit resume with complete references to: Bin Xie, InfoBeyond Technology, LLC, 320 Whittington Parkway, Suite 117, Louisville, KY 40222. An EOE. 
 Please contact Bin.Xie@InfoBeyondtech.com for any question. InfoBeyond Technology 30+ days ago Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Louisville, KY Jobs at InfoBeyond Technology in Louisville, KY Research Scientist salaries in Louisville, KY Company Info Follow Get job updates from InfoBeyond Technology Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
