
 
 
 
 Voice and Telephony Software Engineer, Google Fiber - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Voice and Telephony Software Engineer, Google Fiber Google Fiber 3,871 reviews Mountain View, CA Google Fiber 3,871 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience. 
 5 years of relevant experience deploying high scale voice systems in Service Provider Spaces. 
 Experience with VOIP/SIP/RTP and other real time communication protocols such as WebRTC. 
 Experience in Telephony, VoIP Protocols and APIs, G.711, H.323, SIP, VoLTE, RCS. 
 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Coding experience in C / C++ or Java or Go and excellent software engineering practices. 
 Experience with integrating third party services with internal systems. 
 Passionate about designing scalable systems, writing great code, learning new things and solving difficult problems. Track record for owning solutions. 
 Familiarity with Telephony, VoIP Protocols and APIs, G.711, H.323, SIP, VoLTE, RCS. 
 Background in designing, developing, implementing and deploying highly available and scalable VoIP infrastructures across different environments. 
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 
In this role, you will help us build innovative solutions to scale our Google Fiber business. The team is focused on delivering the next set of solutions in the connectivity domain. We work on developing and launching cutting edge communication technologies and collaborate with internal and external partners to ensure high performance and reliable voice and data solutions for our customer base. You are a talented Voice/Telephony Engineer to lead our future implementations. 
“My internet is too fast!” ...said no one, ever. Google Fiber’s mission is to deliver abundant, reliable internet on networks that are always fast and open. On our team, you’ll work in a fast-paced environment that’s challenging the status quo in the broadband industry. 
Responsibilities 
 Participate in design and implementation of telephony related products and services. 
 Collaborate with other cross functional teams to scope and launch new services and features. 
 Debug and fix complex bugs reported during integration and field testing. 
 Propose and implement various performance optimizations across our solution set 
 Work with third party vendors to deliver and integrate solutions for the benefit of our customer base. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Voice Engineer jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Google Fiber in Mountain View, CA Voice Engineer salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Fiber Google Fiber 3,871 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
