
 
 
 
 Associate Director Level Opportunities within Precision Medicine! - Waltham, MA 02451 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Director Level Opportunities within Precision Medicine! AstraZeneca 2,057 reviews Waltham, MA 02451 AstraZeneca 2,057 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Are you excited about  Precision Medicine ? Would you like have an impact on patients’ lives and contribute to eliminate cancer as a cause of death? If so then join us! 
We’re investing like never before in our people, in growth, and in new diagnostic techniques and technologies. There are opportunities at every turn, with a variety and breadth that is uncommon to find and an industry-leading pipeline in oncology. Scientists at AstraZeneca are working every day to turn science fiction into science fact. Our ambition - to develop innovative, targeted medicines for every patient that needs them - and to match those treatments to patients most likely to benefit from them – is now a reality. This approach, known as  Precision Medicine , is based on those individual characteristics that make some patients respond to treatment better than others. We use this knowledge to develop diagnostic tests that doctors can use to help prescribe the best treatment for each patient. Indeed, it’s now become common practice for patients with cancer to be offered such diagnostic tests before their treatment plan is agreed. 
The AstraZeneca Companion Diagnostics Unit within the Precision Medicine and Biosamples function drives scientific leadership through the delivery of innovative companion diagnostics enabling our oncology ambition to transform the lives of patients living with cancer, and ultimately eliminate cancer as a cause of death. 
We do this by: 
Leading the development of diagnostics across AstraZeneca’s early and late stage oncology portfolios through close collaborations with our external diagnostic partners. 
Leading the development and implementation of patient selection strategies to deliver companion diagnostics programs in support of our business priorities. 
Leading companion diagnostic regulatory interactions to secure companion diagnostic approvals in major markets 
Collaborate across AstraZeneca with colleagues in multiple Clinical functions plus commercial to help drive market uptake. 
Developing strategies for early cancer detection, near patient testing and implementing testing options for minimal residual disease and early treatment interventions. 
Utilising artificial intelligence diagnostic solutions and seeing software as a medical device. 
Developing specific disease area strategies (e.g. lung cancer, breast cancer or hematological malignancies) and new diagnostic modalities. 
Collaborating closely with fellow pharma companies on joint assets. 
Join this fantastic, collaborative team and be part of our success; we have already delivered over 50 innovative/impactful companion/complementary oncology diagnostic approvals across the major markets of the US, EU, Japan and China since 2014 and we need you to help us take the next steps in patient-centric diagnostic development. 
If this sounds like the type of organisation where you would like to grow your career and make a real difference to patients then we would like to hear from you. 
We are currently looking for an  Associate Director. 
Typical Accountabilities, what you will be doing: 
As an Associate Director you’ll be a member of the Oncology Companion Diagnostic Unit (CDU). Your objective will be to ensure that innovative companion diagnostic tests are delivered to our oncology drug projects. This will entail developing and implementing the diagnostic strategy agreed by the respective development teams, and planning and leading Precision Medicine activities from a technical, financial, risk, regulatory, IP and partnering perspective. You will work collaboratively with colleagues at all levels in the Precision Medicine function to deliver this expertise to drug project teams. 
Your role will also involve contributing to the personal development of project team members. Providing expert advice on strategic and innovative Precision Medicine approaches and companion diagnostic developments to development teams, you’ll be instrumental in ensuring that we adopt world-class practice in the field. 
Education, Qualifications, Skills and Experience: 
Essential: 
PhD or equivalent experience in a relevant subject. 
Experience in companion diagnostic tests or segmentation tools in clinical development OR experience of Precision Medicine approaches and diagnostic development. 
Effective communication, stakeholder, influencing skills and programme management. 
Understanding of the functions involved in companion diagnostic development and how they contribute. 
Desirable  : 
Previous experience in similar role in different companies 
Delivery of clinical testing, diagnostic, regulatory preparation. 
Scientific expertise in the Precision Medicine field or relevant therapeutic area as evidenced by publications 
Locations: 
UK - Cambridge; USA – Gaithersburg - MD or Waltham - MA; Sweden - Gothenburg; Poland – Warsaw; Shanghai, China 
If this sounds like the type of organisation where you would like to grow your career and make a real difference to patients then we would like to hear from you; apply today! AstraZeneca 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Director jobs in Waltham, MA Jobs at AstraZeneca in Waltham, MA Associate Director salaries in Waltham, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from AstraZeneca AstraZeneca 2,057 reviews We are AstraZeneca, one of the world’s most forward-thinking and connected BioPharmaceutical companies. With a strong purpose, an even st... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
