
 
 
 
 Security Engineer - Portland, OR - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Security Engineer Capgemini 8,221 reviews Portland, OR Capgemini 8,221 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :1+Months 
Client provides industry leading cloud services and applications for station owners to manage their charging infrastructure, drivers to keep their EVs charged, and for us to efficiently operate the worldwide network of charging stations.
 Maintaining security is critical to building a reliable fueling network for the future of transportation. An engineer in this role will oversee the cloud and client security of our software and will be the go-to person for all things security at different levels of Client software stack.
 You will make things more secure by protecting system boundaries, keeping Client Cloud hardened against attacks and securing sensitive data. 
Responsibilities : 
Define the security architecture for Client cloud & mobile applications. Working with information security and product development teams, develop a roadmap for security initiatives to make the Client network more secure. 
Plan and carry out specific security measures to monitor and protect sensitive data and systems from infiltration and cyber-attacks. Conduct regular audits of our software and perform penetration testing across our software stack. 
Influence Client Software Development and Release processes to avoid information leaks. Spread general awareness and push for best practices to make Client software more secure. 
Stay up to date with latest developments related to software security. 
What You Will Bring to Client 
Strong passion and competency in cloud infrastructure, web & mobile application security & data privacy. 
Previous experience working in a fast-paced, fast-growing, and results-driven environment that demands consistent and enduring excellence. 
Ability to identify issues and develop and implement solutions to meet department and company goals. oStrong organizational skills and the ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects simultaneously with complex and demanding deadlines. 
Ability to work with ambiguity and create quick PoCs 
Requirements : 
8+ years of experience working on software development and distributed systems, with at least 4+ years of hands-on experience focused on securing cloud infrastructure, web and mobile applications. 
Fundamental understanding of security vulnerabilities, attack vectors and tools for mitigation (including DDoS/Bot protection, firewalls, VPNs, authentication & authorization systems, encryption, key management, access management etc.) 
Self-starter, strong drive, bias-to-action, commitment and work ethic; willingness to take on big challenges and own the results from brainstorm to execution. 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills -Able to influence others effectively. 
Preferred 
Experience developing distributed systems and security using AWS. 
Experience with Hashicorp Vault or other secret management solutions. 
Experience improving code security such as static analysis. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Security Engineer jobs in Portland, OR Jobs at Capgemini in Portland, OR Security Engineer salaries in Portland, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,221 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
