
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor (Engineering) - Carbondale, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor (Engineering) Southern Illinois University Carbondale 644 reviews Carbondale, IL Southern Illinois University Carbondale 644 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Tenure track Full Job Description Job Details
 Title:
 Assistant Professor (Engineering)
 Deadline to Apply:
 08/16/2021
 Application Deadline:
 or until filled
 Job Category:
 Faculty
 College:
 College of Engineering-SIUC
 Position Summary:
 The School of Applied Engineering and Technology invites applications for the position of Assistant Professor. This is a continuing, tenure track position starting January 1, 2022. 
 The College houses six schools: Applied Engineering and Technology; Computing; Electrical, Computer & Biomedical Engineering; Civil, Environmental & Infrastructure Engineering; Mathematical and Statistical Sciences; Mechanical, Aerospace & Materials Engineering. The breadth of programs offered in the college provides a rich environment for interdisciplinary collaborative research. We welcome applicants with backgrounds including, but not limited to, Industrial, Electrical, Systems or Quality Engineering, Operations Research or Artificial Intelligence. 
 
 Duties and Responsibilities:
 The successful candidate will teach courses at the undergraduate and graduate level, engage in scholarly research, develop an externally funded research program and provide School/University Service appropriate to academic rank. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications:
 Applicants must possess a doctoral degree in a related engineering or science discipline. ABD applicants may be considered if all requirements for the doctoral degree are completed prior to commencement of employment in accordance with University policy. https://policies.siu.edu/personnel-policies/chapter2/ch2 -faps/conting.php 
 Preferred Qualifications:
 Candidates who have experience working with a diverse range of faculty, staff, and students and who can contribute to the climate of inclusivity are encouraged to identify their experiences in these areas in their cover letter. 
 Special Instructions for Applicants:  A cover letter is required and should be uploaded to your application along with a curriculum vitae, transcripts, and statements of teaching and research interests (1-2 pages for each, upload as document type "other"). 
 If selected for interview, references (please list 3 on the application) will be sent an email to upload a letter of reference. Please advise your references that the email will come from noreply@hiretouch.com. 
 General Information - College/Department:
 Southern Illinois University Carbondale is a Carnegie Doctoral Research University. SIU is located in the forested areas of Shawnee Hills, 100 miles southeast of St. Louis, MO. The university is known for its efforts in improving opportunity, inclusivity, sustainability and the ecological beauty of the campus and surrounding community. Information about the School of Applied Engineering and Technology can be found at: https://engineering.siu.edu/tech/ More information about SIU and its surrounding community can be found at: https://siu.edu/about-siu/.
 Required Documents:
 Cover Letter, Curriculum Vitae, Other, Transcripts
 Contact:
 Toni Laur
 Contact Email:
 AE&Tsearch@engr.siu.edu
 Contact Phone #:
 618-453-7980 
 Security/Safety Sensitive:
 N/A Southern Illinois University Carbondale 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Carbondale, IL Jobs at Southern Illinois University Carbondale in Carbondale, IL Assistant Professor salaries in Carbondale, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Southern Illinois University Carbondale Southern Illinois University Carbondale 644 reviews Southern Illinois University is a public research university located in Carbondale, Illinois, United States.  Founded in 1869, SIU is the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
