
 
 
 
 Architect Sr - St. Louis, MO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Architect Sr Insight Enterprises, Inc. 544 reviews St. Louis, MO Insight Enterprises, Inc. 544 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Requisition Number:  81101 
Senior Solutions Architect 
We are   Insight Enterprises (NASDAQ:NSIT) 
 
As a  Fortune 500-ranked  global provider of  digital innovation, cloud/data center transformation, connected workforce, and supply chain optimization solutions and services , we help clients successfully  manage their IT today  while  transforming for tomorrow . 
 
From  IT strategy and design  to  implementation   and management , our employees help clients innovate and optimize their operations to  run smarter . 
Microsoft Worldwide AI Partner of the Year, 2018 
Microsoft Worldwide Modern Desktop Partner of the Year, 2018 
Microsoft US Partner Award for Intelligent Cloud - Application Innovation, 2019 
Microsoft US Azure Team Partner Choice Award - Data and Artificial Intelligence, 2019 
 
Our  Insight Cloud+Data Center Transformation  team is searching for an experienced, passionate and professional  Sr. Solutions Architect  to join our team. 
 
At the heart of every great technology solution is great management, always making sure that the project delivers what it set out to do and matches expectations. 
As a  Senior Solutions Architect  you will provide consulting, analysis, design, and/or implementation support for data center solutions including pre-site inspections, initial implementations, customization and integration with the intent of optimizing the customer’s operational benefit. Works closely with Insight, sales, technical services and support group, external vendor partners, and the customer to ensure a smooth implementation and transition. 
 
 What you will do at Insight: 
 
Establish  relationship with customer technical teams and technical leads 
Communicate  technical architectures to customers, focusing on technical benefits and competitive differentiation 
Assess  business opportunity and technical innovations 
Translate  customer technical and business requirements into technical solutions 
Build  relationships with customer technical and management staff 
Lead  or participate effectively in internal matrix working groups centered on sales opportunities; Exchange viewpoints openly and honestly 
Solve  technical and business problems for customer projects 
Mentor  and coach junior team members 
Produce  high-level and detailed technical designs in assigned practice areas that include all necessary solution components 
Derive  complex business and technical challenges and develop Insight proposals that address client needs from an architecture, operations and services perspective; determine strategy in response to RFP 
 
 What you will need to join Insight: 
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience of 4 years related experience in lieu of degree. 
8+ years in technical architecture roles 
8+ years demonstrated quality success with an Account executive (Sales Partner) 
4+ years in leading projects and/or teams 
3+ years in technical pre-sales 
Advanced Industry or vendor certifications in 2 or more technologies within one practice area 
5+ years hands-on experience in one or more of the following areas: 
Backup recovery software 
Tape technology 
RAID storage products 
SAN fibre architecture 
Excellent knowledge in one or more of the following areas: 
Solaris 
HP-UX 
AIX 
Linux 
Windows and/or Novell 
Excellent knowledge of networking technologies 
Experience working with storage products on a variety of Open Systems 
Experience working with Network Attached Storage (NAS); IP SAN; iSCSI 
Excellent written and oral communications 
Excellent analytical abilities resulting in problem resolution 
Excellent pre-sales technical skills 
In-depth knowledge of complex technical environments 
Understanding of and ability to product financial impact analysis (TCO, ROI) 
Good organizational skills 
Attention to detail 
Project coordination skills and/or experience 
Strong customer relationship skills. 
 
Highlights of the 2021 Insight Corporate Citizenship Report include: 
In the last year, Insight has been named as a  Forbes  World’s Best Employer, a  Forbes  Best Employer for Veterans, a  Fortune  World’s Most Admired Company and a  Fortune  Best Workplace for Diversity. Insight also received a score of 95 out of 100 on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s 2021 Corporate Equality Index for LGBTQ workplace equality. 
Insight Digital Innovation launched a Detection and Prevention solution built on the company’s AI and IoT-powered Insight Connected Platform™, providing a scalable foundation to help organizations detect for common signs of COVID-19 and quickly curtail its spread in high-traffic areas. 
The Community Wireless Broadband solution, designed by Insight’s Cloud + Data Center Transformation team and provided through Insight Public Sector, brings much-needed broadband connectivity to teleworkers and remote students in underserved communities who lack reliable Internet connections. 
Celebrating diversity and inclusion, Insight held its first Global Harmony Day in recognition of Global Diversity Awareness Month in October 2020. The day united Insight teammates worldwide for a series of candid discussions on diversity, equality and inclusion. 
Insight’s teammate resource groups, promoting allyship for cultures and communities that have traditionally faced challenges in the workplace, expanded to five groups with the addition of the Afro-Professionals and Allies at Insight group. These teammate-led groups now have more than 1,200 active members. 
As part of the Insight Reach program, dedicated to empowering children’s lives through technology, the company’s 10 th annual Noble Cause campaign raised $250,000 for charities like the Ronald McDonald House, Make-A-Wish Foundation and the Boys & Girls Club of Arizona. More than $1 million has been donated in the last six years. 
In It Together Foundation, Insight’s 501(c)(3) charitable non-profit program helping teammates in crisis through teammate contributions and matching company funds, has raised more than $2.15 million since its inception in 2014. Since January 2020, 170 teammates have received support, and Insight’s executive team contributed $250,000 as part of its COVID-19 response to help families hit particularly hard by the pandemic. 
Environmental sustainability initiatives saved Insight more than $7 million in 2020. 
As an affiliate member of the Responsible Business Alliance, Insight’s asset disposition program – helping companies securely repurpose old devices and equipment – and diverse supplier program support a commitment to sustainability and equality. 
The position described above provides a summary of some the job duties required and what it would be like to work at Insight. For a comprehensive list of physical demands and work environment for this position, click here. 
Today, every business is a technology business. Insight Enterprises, Inc. empowers organizations of all sizes with Insight Intelligent Technology Solutions™ and services to maximize the business value of IT. As a Fortune 500-ranked global provider of digital innovation, cloud/data center transformation, connected workforce, and supply chain optimization solutions and services, we help clients successfully manage their IT today while transforming for tomorrow. From IT strategy and design to implementation and management, our 11,000 teammates help clients innovate and optimize their operations to run smarter. Discover more at insight.com 
Founded in 1988 in Tempe, Arizona 
11,000+ teammates in 19 countries providing Insight Intelligent Technology Solutions™ for organizations across the globe 
$8.3 billion in revenue in 2020 
Ranked #409 on the Fortune 500, #15 on the CRN Solution Provider 500, 2020 CRN Innovator of the Year Award 
2020 Intel Innovation Partner of Year, 2020 Microsoft U.S. Partner of the Year and Worldwide Customer Experience Partner of the Year 
Ranked #7 on the 2021 Fortune World's Most Admired Companies (Information Technology Services industry), #70 on the Fortune 100 Best Workplaces for Diversity, #296 on Forbes World's Best Employers (#27 within IT), and #5 on the Phoenix Business Journal 2020 list of Best Places to Work 
Signatory of the United Nations (UN) Global Compact and Affiliate Member of the Responsible Business Alliance 
Today's talent leads tomorrow's success. Learn about careers at Insight: jobs.insight.com. 
Insight is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law. 
Posting Notes: St. Louis || Missouri (US-MO) || United States (US) || None || None || US - St. Louis, MO || 
http://oli.vi/BmtAg 
#LI-AR1 
#IND123 
#GLDR2 Insight Enterprises, Inc. 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Architect jobs in St. Louis, MO Jobs at Insight Enterprises in St. Louis, MO Architect salaries in St. Louis, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Insight Enterprises, Inc. Insight Enterprises, Inc. 544 reviews We know our most important connections are human. That drives our culture, our partnerships, our approach and our solutions. From busines... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
