
 
 
 
 Scientist, Synthetic Biology - Cambridge, MA 02142 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Scientist, Synthetic Biology Flagship Pioneering, Inc. Cambridge, MA 02142 Company Summary: 
 
Empress Therapeutics is a biotechnology company founded by Flagship Pioneering. Our product platform uses artificial intelligence and principles from co-evolution and pharmacology to harness human data and uncover novel drug candidates. Our mission is to turn Co-Evolved MoleculesTM into innovative medicines for cancer, immunological, metabolic, and neurodegenerative diseases. 
 
Empress Therapeutics was founded in Flagship's venture creation engine, where companies such as Moderna Therapeutics (NASDAQ: MRNA), Rubius Therapeutics (NASDAQ: RUBY), and Editas Medicines (NASDAQ: EDIT) were conceived and created. Since Flagship's founding in 2000, the firm has originated and fostered the development of more than 100 scientific ventures, resulting in over $34 billion in aggregate value, 500+ issued patents, and more than 50 clinical trials for novel therapeutic agents. 
 
Position Summary : 
 
Empress Tx is seeking a creative, motivated scientist to play a leading role in the drug discovery group. The candidate will be responsible for transforming bacterial genetic sequences into heterologous hosts to generate purified compounds, peptides, and proteins. The role will involve designing, conducting, and optimizing discovery experiments to engineer microbes and to synthesize, isolate, and purify novel microbial-derived products. The ideal candidate will have strong expertise in DNA construction, microbial engineering, heterologous expression of microbial pathways, and analytical chemistry. Experience related to engineering multiple bacterial species, performing high-throughput workflows/automation, and/or cell-free transcription/translation are considered pluses. The candidate will contribute critically to shaping the vision and strategy of the Drug Discovery group. The candidate will bring a strong entrepreneurial orientation, demonstrate strong communication skills, and be comfortable working in and contributing to a very dynamic and cross-functional team environment. 
 
Key Responsibilities : 
 
 Design and conduct key experiments to engineer, synthesize, isolate and purify microbial products, including via heterologous expression of metabolic pathways in bacteria. 
 Aid in the development of our microbial engineering platform to enable successful production of multiple classes of bacterial metabolic pathways. 
 Contribute creatively and strategically to biochemical assay design, development and optimization. 
 Collaborate closely with other computational and wet lab scientists. 
 Expand the current capabilities of the Drug Discovery team through improved cloning, expression, and analytical workflows. 
 Identify and lead external research relationships with academic and commercial partners. 
 Reporting results to scientific team and management. 
 
 Qualifications : 
 
 Ph.D. focusing on Synthetic Biology, Natural Product Chemistry, Biosynthesis, Enzymology, Biological Engineering, or related field. 
 Experience with plasmid design and organism engineering techniques. 
 Experience with diverse molecular biology, analytical chemistry, and microbiology techniques, including DNA construction, western blot, PCR, anaerobic culture, HPLC, MALDI-TOF MS, LC-MS/MS, NMR, etc. 
 Excellent communication and presentation skills, capable of conveying technical information in a clear and thorough manner. 
 Self-driven and demonstrated ability in working with highly skilled teams in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial setting. 
 
 
More About Flagship Pioneering 
 
We are creative optimists and we would love for you to consider joining our team! See all our open opportunities across Flagship Pioneering's Ecosystem! 
 
Flagship Pioneering conceives, creates, resources, and develops first-in-category life sciences companies to transform human health and sustainability. Since its launch in 2000, the firm has applied a unique hypothesis-driven innovation process to originate and foster more than 100 scientific ventures, resulting in over $34 billion in aggregate value. To date, Flagship is backed by more than $4.4 billion of aggregate capital commitments, of which over $1.9 billion has been deployed toward the founding and growth of its pioneering companies alongside more than $10 billion of follow-on investments from other institutions. The current Flagship ecosystem comprises 41 transformative companies, including: Axcella Health (NASDAQ: AXLA), Denali Therapeutics (NASDAQ: DNLI), Evelo Biosciences (NASDAQ: EVLO), Foghorn Therapeutics, Indigo Ag, Kaleido Biosciences (NASDAQ: KLDO), Moderna (NASDAQ: MRNA), Rubius Therapeutics (NASDAQ: RUBY), Sana Biotechnology, Seres Therapeutics (NASDAQ: MCRB), and Syros Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ: SYRS). 
 
We believe pioneering is best done by teams, and that it is a process that can be taught, learned, and replicated. Learn more about our Company Creation Model. 
 
Can Breakthrough Innovations Be Made Systematically? A Conversation With Noubar Afeyan, Flagship Pioneering's CEO. 
 
 Flagship Pioneering and our ecosystem companies are  committed to equal employment opportunity  regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. 
 
 Recruitment & Staffing Agencies : Flagship Pioneering and its affiliated Flagship Lab companies (collectively, "FSP") do not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to FSP or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Flagship Pioneering's internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of FSP, and FSP will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto. Flagship Pioneering, Inc. 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Flagship Pioneering in Cambridge, MA Scientist salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Flagship Pioneering, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
