
 
 
 
 Staff Software Engineer, User Interfaces for Robotics - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Staff Software Engineer, User Interfaces for Robotics Google 3,871 reviews Mountain View, CA Google 3,871 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience.
 10 years of software development experience, or 8 years with an advanced degree.
 4 years of experience in desktop client application development.
 Experience with MVC architecture, Unit-testing, and application development lifecycle. 
 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Master’s, PhD degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field.
 Machine Learning experience.
 Experience working across several languages (ie: C#, Go, JS, C++, and Python).
 Ability to write in English fluently.
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day.
 As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 The Robotics at Google team works to advance a new field in robotics and automation. Our team’s scope spans from early stage, fundamental research to more advanced implementation. We deploy machine learning software/hardware, report the data back to our servers, build analytics to ensure we are able to hit customer service level objectives, and train machine learning models using data obtained from the field. 
Google Research is building the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software engineers and research scientists. Google Research teams collaborate closely with other teams across Google, maintaining the flexibility and versatility required to adapt new projects and foci that meet the demands of the world's fast-paced business needs. 
Responsibilities 
 Design and develop novel UI features that facilitate robotics.
 Design and develop client-side infrastructure, frameworks, and best-practices.
 Coordinate and gather requirements for feature development with a cross-functional team (e.g. Product, Operations, Backend Infrastructure, and Research).
 Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.
 Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Front End Developer jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Google in Mountain View, CA Front End Developer salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,871 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
