
 
 
 
 Commercial Business Manager, NA and LA - Morrisville, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Commercial Business Manager, NA and LA Lenovo 1,100 reviews Morrisville, NC Lenovo 1,100 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Position Description: 
 About Lenovo 
Focused on a bold vision to deliver smarter technology for all, we are developing world-changing technologies that create a more inclusive, trustworthy and sustainable digital society. By designing, engineering and building the world’s most complete portfolio of smart devices and infrastructure, we are also leading an Intelligent Transformation – to create better experiences and opportunities for millions of customers around the world. Join us in defining our world of tomorrow and creating smarter technology for all!
 Who You’ll Work With 
At Lenovo, we manufacture one of the world’s widest portfolios of connected products, including PCs (ThinkPad, Yoga, Lenovo Legion), tablets, smartphones and workstations as well as augmented and virtual reality (Mirage, ThinkReality) and smart home/o¬ffice solutions, software and services. Lenovo’s data center solutions (ThinkSystem, ThinkAgile) are creating the capacity and computing power for the connections that are changing business and society.
 IDG (Intelligent Device Group) – The IDG at Lenovo houses our PC and Smart Devices. We combine investment in high-growth segments (workstations, gaming, visuals, thin and light devices) with new innovation in the smart device categories and continue to explore new opportunities across AR/VR, artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), security and as-a-service solutions.
 Responsibility includes: 
Planning, Execution & Reporting of Commercial Segment business priorities with emphasis on North America and Latin America, comprising +$46B business annually. Working as a link between local teams and Worldwide on tasks including: 
 Quarterly Business Planning Cycle for overall Lenovo Commercial Segment In-Quarter Business Performance, Actions, and Corrective Actions to achieve the business target New Opportunity Assessment, Planning, and Management to drive growth in commercial business Strategic Investment Pipeline, Progression and fund management Strategic Priorities & Growth Initiatives: Smart Office, Alliance funds, Growth engine (Services/Accessories/Visuals/IOT etc) Assess submarkets to drive business growth in key areas and oversee programs & operations to support marketing and sales initiatives. React under pressure to urgent requests for market information, including intelligence on competitor actions, customer profitability and business health Communicate regularly with local team & WW executive leadership team to ensure alignment on key priorities and tracking of strategic growth focus areas Collaborate with alliance partners on strategic funding programs and oversee allocation of over $5M in quarterly funding for incremental deals to help geos achieve aspirational targets. Take ownership of specific worldwide projects designed to achieve strategic goals, efficiencies and drive additional revenue and profit 
 Position Requirements: 
 Bachelor’s Degree Minimum 7 years’ experience in business operations and strategy Experience in data analysis, a real spreadsheet wizard with experience of data manipulation and building excel based dashboards. PowerBi programming experience an advantage. Strong business acumen, with proven ability to understand and develop strategy Strong virtual team and extensive cross-group coordination/collaboration and very strong communication and partnership skills. Self-starter who can manage ambiguity as well as distant management Customer orientation, open & effective communication and presentation skills. Strong verbal & written communication skills. English required. Ability to respond quickly to multiple issues and work under pressure.
 Preferred Qualificarions:, 
 MBA 
 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any federal, state, or local protected class. Lenovo 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Commercial Manager jobs in Morrisville, NC Jobs at Lenovo in Morrisville, NC Commercial Manager salaries in Morrisville, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lenovo Lenovo 1,100 reviews At Lenovo, our mission is simple: we create technology that enables people to challenge and inspire the world, helping them lead more ful... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
