
 
 
 
 Product Manager - Denver, CO 80202 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Manager Verizon 28,788 reviews Denver, CO 80202 Verizon 28,788 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $91,600 - $170,200 a year Job Type Full-time Part-time Full Job Description When you join Verizon 
 Verizon is a leading provider of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, transforming the way we connect across the globe. We’re a diverse network of people driven by our ambition and united in our shared purpose to shape a better future. Here, we have the ability to learn and grow at the speed of technology, and the space to create within every role. Together, we are moving the world forward – and you can too. Dream it. Build it. Do it here. 
What you’ll be doing... 
 Verizon is serious about innovation. About being the first and being the best. Verizon Location Services (VLS) sits at the core of the Strategy and New Business Development organization and is a critical part of driving innovation across our global customer base, both inside and outside of Verizon. Backed by more than 50 years of location-based expertise, we are building solutions that leverage the power of location intelligence to help drive technologies of the future. We manage a geospatial platform that enables technologies like 5G, Multi-Access Edge Computing, Drones and AMR (Autonomous Mobile Robots), and Artificial Intelligence that are allowing us to create products that were previously impossible. We’re building tomorrow with the best of today. 
Our Product Managers are part of the Product team. The Product Manager supports various roles, primarily the Product Owner. You’ll own the Delivery Team’s backlog, ensure user stories are written and acceptance criteria are met, and you’ll demo the working features internally and externally. In addition, there will be times you will be gathering requirements, designing and developing user experience workflows, and collaborating with stakeholders and development teams to ensure successful implementation of new or enhanced functionality for the products. 
Gather and maintain customer requirements from internal and external customers. 
Demo product releases to internal and external customers. 
Maintain and prioritize development team backlog. 
Create and maintain Roadmap for next four quarters. 
Create epics, user stories, and acceptance criteria. 
Participate in Agile Scrum activities. 
Work closely with Product Peers, Engineering, and Customer Success. 
What we’re looking for... 
 You’ll need to have: 
Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience. 
Four or more years of relevant work experience. 
Three or more years of Agile/Scrum experience. 
Experience working with the business and customers on gathering requirements, documenting requirements, managing product backlog, writing user stories, and working with development and vendors to deliver on the product plan and vision. 
Even better if you have: 
Proven track record working closely with Engineering teams and delivering new functionality. 
Experience leading cross functional project management initiatives. 
Experience with front and back end engineering teams. 
Experience with full UAT. 
Experience with UI/UX design. 
Knowledge of geospatial platforms and technologies. 
Knowledge of SDK and API development. 
Compensation 
 Our benefits are designed to help you move forward in your career, and in areas of your life outside of Verizon. From health and wellness benefits, short term incentives, 401 (k) Savings Plan, Stock Together, paid time off, parental leave, adoption assistance and tuition assistance, plus other incentives,we’ve got you covered with our award-winning total rewards package. For part-timers, your coverage will vary as you may be eligible for some of these benefits depending on your individual circumstances. 
If you are hired into a Colorado work location, the compensation range for this position is between  $91,600 and $170,200  based on a full-time schedule. The salary will vary depending on your location and confirmed job-related skills and experience. This is an  incentive  based position with the potential to earn more. For part-time roles, your compensation will be adjusted to reflect your hours. 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
 We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. At Verizon, we know that diversity makes us stronger. We are committed to a collaborative, inclusive environment that encourages authenticity and fosters a sense of belonging. We strive for everyone to feel valued, connected, and empowered to reach their potential and contribute their best. Check out our  diversity and inclusion  page to learn more. Verizon 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Manager jobs in Denver, CO Jobs at Verizon in Denver, CO Product Manager salaries in Denver, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Verizon Verizon 28,788 reviews As one of the world’s leading providers of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, Verizon is transforming th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
