
 
 
 
 Cognitive Sensors Researcher - San Jose, CA 95101 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Cognitive Sensors Researcher IBM 30,707 reviews San Jose, CA 95101 IBM 30,707 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
IBM Research Scientists are charting the future of Artificial Intelligence, creating breakthroughs in quantum computing, discovering how blockchain will reshape the enterprise, and much more. Join a team that is dedicated to applying science to some of today's most complex challenges, whether it’s discovering a new way for doctors to help patients, teaming with environmentalists to clean up our waterways or enabling retailers to personalize customer service. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
The Cognitive Sensors team at IBM Almaden is developing a novel gas sensing platform based on the “electronic nose” (e-nose) concept, with the ambition of mimicking the human olfactory system. In this context, the output of an array of orthogonal sensors is collected, processed, and analyzed by AI to recognize a chemical signature of interest. The e-nose technology finds potential applications in many industry verticals, ranging from air quality monitoring, to food safety, to early diagnosis of various diseases. 
 
We are looking for a candidate to assist with the development of innovative gas sensing materials and their integration & testing. The primary focus will be on Metal Oxide Sensors (MOS) and secondary focus on other kinds of chemoresistive materials (e.g. conductive polymers). Although many MOS materials are already commercially available, there is still room for improvement in sensor composition, gas sensitivity, selectivity, as well as production cost. 
 
The sensor team at IBM Almaden Research Center is currently exploring new paths to innovative MOS materials. The project involves studying novel, industry friendly routes to MOS materials with unstudied compositions, morphologies, topographies etc. Following material preparation, extensive characterization is required to establish structure-property relationships. The successful candidate will also develop nanofabrication processes for sensors integration in an e-nose, and protocols to benchmark IBM sensors vs commercial ones. 
 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Basic knowledge of porous materials science 
Thin film processing and characterization (SEM, XRD, ellipsometry etc.) 
English: intermediate 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Previous exposure to nanofabrication processes (lithography, thin-film deposition, etch etc.) 
Basic knowledge of Python programming 
English: fluent 
Track record of scientific publications 
About Business UnitWith more than 3,000 researchers in 12 labs located across six continents, IBM Research brings together hundreds of researchers who possess unparalleled industry expertise to address some of the world's most challenging problems. Join us as we do pioneering work in areas such as cognitive computing, augmented intelligence, quantum computing, and blockchain, to name a few. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at IBM in San Jose, CA Researcher salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,707 reviews What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
