
 
 
 
 FRONT END DEVELOPER/ENGINER - Paris, OR - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search FRONT END DEVELOPER/ENGINER SESAMm Paris, OR Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Feb 11, 2021 
CONTEXT 
SESAMm is an innovative company specializing in big data and artificial intelligence for investment launched in 2014. Our team build analytics and investment signals by analyzing billions of web articles and messages using natural language processing and machine learning. Thanks to our NLP platform TextReveal and quantitative data science platform SignalReveal, our company addresses the entire value chain of alpha research. SESAMm has offices in Paris, New York, Tokyo, Tunis and Metz and works with major hedge funds, banks and asset management clients around the world for both fundamental and quantitative use cases. 
Join SESAMm, an innovative and fast-growing FinTech company! 
JOB DESCRIPTION 
SESAMm is looking for a  frontend engineer  to contribute building data visualization dashboards sitting on top of NLP, ML and Quant analyses. You will build on demand web apps for professionals in finance, so you’ll have to allow quick and relevant interpretation of complex data. Interpretability should become your motto. 
With you on board, the frontend team will be doubled! Thus, you should be able to work both autonomously and hand in hand with different profiles (data scientists, machine learning engineers, researchers). As a candidate you should be ready to take ownership and push your ideas forward but also have the humility to listen to the team and the empathy to understand our users. 
As we are moving and growing fast, you must be a passionate learner, always ready to develop new skills and to experiment to solve problems. 
CANDIDATE PROFILE 
Education Requirements 
Engineer  diploma or  master’s degree in computer science 
Skills Requirements 
 Work Experience:  2+ years of programming experience 
Software : Good skills in Javascript 
Languages : fluent English speaker with good writing skills, an intermediate level of French would be a plus 
Miscellaneous : 
A passion for well documented and tested software development 
An ability to work within a diverse team 
Ability to empathize and understand customer need 
Additional skills: 
Knowledge in frontend frameworks (such as Angular, React, Vue) 
Some backend development experience (Python, Node.js, Go) 
An eye for data visualization and UI design 
WORKING CONDITIONS 
Percent Time:  100% 
Duration:  Permanent contract 
Location:  Metz / Paris / Tunis 
Please send your application to:  careers@sesamm.com SESAMm 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Front End Developer jobs in Paris, OR Jobs at SESAMm in Paris, OR Front End Developer salaries in Paris, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from SESAMm Qui sommes-nous ?

SESAMm est une société Fintech innovante spécialisée dans la création d’analytics pour le monde de la gestion d’acti... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
