
 
 
 
 Front-End Development Engineers - Scottsdale, AZ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Front-End Development Engineers Sky Republic Scottsdale, AZ Position Charter 
 We are looking for highly talented and motivated engineers to join our R&D team, expand the capabilities of our innovative blockchain platform Atlas, and build applications for our customers. 
 Atlas eliminates supply chain fragmentation due to point to point EDI or API through next-generation smart contracts. It automates community processes and data reconciliation among participants without disrupting business models or infrastructure. 
 Atlas was built from the ground up for Fortune 2000s and blockchain consortia to easily track assets, certify provenance, accelerate payments and settlements, and enable new IoT/Artificial Intelligence/Mobile solutions. 
 Atlas offers the best features of Ethereum, Fabric, Corda, and middleware to power Digital Supply Chain. 
 Candidates must be interested in solving problems that have never been solved before, drive product components development from design to production. 
 
 Role and Responsibilities 
 Drive the end-to-end design and implementation of feature-rich React components for the core Atlas platform and its applications. 
 Contribute to a highly creative and experienced team in an agile and collaborative environment to release new UIs for Atlas. 
 Continuously learn and bring-in industry practices and technology for web design and web development. 
 Apply software development best practices such as unit testing, code review, test automation and continuous delivery to produce high quality software. 
 Work with various stakeholders and customers to develop the Sky Republic offering and ensure its adoption. 
 Participate in all phases of development including design, coding, deployment, testing, documentation and maintenance of Sky Republic solution. 
 
 
 Key competencies 
 3+ years’ experience uing modern JavaScript front-end frameworks (React, Angular, Vue, etc.) 
 3+ years’ experience in developing customer-facing applications up to production. 
 Desire and ability to rapidly learn new technologies, put them in practice with tough deadlines, and work through challenging problems. 
 In-depth understanding of JavaScript, HTML, CSS, the DOM, and relevant concepts 
 Experience testing JavaScript single-page applications (using Jest, Mocha, Enzyme, etc.) 
 Familiar with Linux container technologies (Docker, CoreOS) and associated stack (Docker swarm, Kubernetes etc.) 
 Proficient with agile (Scrum/Kanban/XP) software development methodology and continuous delivery techniques and tools (Jenkins, Git, Jira etc.) 
 Possess strong interpersonal, leadership, and communication skill 
 Able to work in a very fluid environment with a high degree of autonomy 
 
 Bonus Qualifications 
 Familiar with the concepts behind modern Blockchain technologies (Hyperledger, Corda, Ethereum) 
 Familiar with cloud platforms such as AWS or Azure 
 
 
 Education 
 Bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent. 
 
 
 Benefits and Perks 
 Attractive startup equity compensation 
 Medical, Dental, Vision 
 Flexible working hours 
 Candidates must be eligible to work in the US without sponsorship 
 Sky Republic is an EEO and AA Employer. Sky Republic 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Front End Developer jobs in Scottsdale, AZ Jobs at Sky Republic in Scottsdale, AZ Front End Developer salaries in Scottsdale, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sky Republic Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
