
 
 
 
 Operations Manager - Menlo Park, CA 94025 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Operations Manager SRI International Menlo Park, CA 94025 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Menlo Park, CA
 Job Description 
 SRI Biosciences is seeking an operations manager to manage the application of cutting-edge tools in artificial intelligence (AI) and chemistry automation to accelerate small molecule drug discovery and process development. The candidate should be experienced with working in multi-disciplinary teams focused on chemistry synthesis and production. Demonstrated ability to lead teams, drive projects forward to meet goals and advance new technologies is highly desired. The successful candidate will be responsible for compound production, testing and data collection operations. 
 
This position will be a part of SRI’s SynFini program (sri.com/case-studies/synfini) that is developing a chemistry automation platform to transform the molecular discovery and development process. The SynFini platform enables molecular designers to design molecules, and processes to make them that are transferred to custom automation tools developed at SRI. The successful candidate will work with the chemistry designers to implement synthetic designs on automated synthesis systems in a production environment. The operations manager will be responsible for setting up, training, and maintaining scheduling and workflows to maximize production throughput, efficiency and quality, as well as integration with banks of downstream compound testing assays. She/he will be responsible for setting up process monitoring to constantly improve efficiency in workflows and define criteria for further development and expansion of automated systems working with the chemistry and biology teams. The successful candidate will work closely with researchers and developers across the SynFini team as well as with external partners on the delivery of specific programs according to pre-specified requirements. 
Lead “Design-Make-Test”-teams through multiple cycles of partner programs with focus on rapidly meeting target objectives 
Work with the team to understand the goals and what tasks need to be done as well as develop process tracking methods 
Develop work break-down task details and their interdependencies, with resources, timeline and budget requirements clearly defined 
Prioritize tasks, identify risks and develop risk mitigation plan 
Own schedule plan, manage and track development schedules 
Communicate operations status to teams, senior management and business development / alliance managers and customers 
 Qualifications 
 The successful candidate will have: 
BS or MS in Chemistry or Chemical Engineering, or a related field and at least 3-5 years professional experience. 
Broad knowledge of synthetic chemistry, project management and laboratory safety; demonstrated leadership skills; excellent written and oral communication skills; and should work well in interdisciplinary team-based groups. 
Strong track record of creating and implementing systems and SOP driven processes, as well as defining input requirements for successful and efficient production output. 
Ability to work in an innovative environment and execute on challenging projects. 
Demonstration of successful leadership of complex programs and ability to work in multidisciplinary teams preferred. 
Strong analytical, and excellent verbally and written communication skills 
Experience in setting up project schedules and work breakdown structure 
Working knowledge of continuous process improvement and agile development model 
Possesses a "Get it done" and "Make it happen" mentality 
Proactive in situations of uncertainties and calm in high pressure situations 
SRI is committed to creating and celebrating a diverse workplace that recognizes and values differences and reflects the communities where our employees live and where our clients operate. This includes valuing differences of race, ethnicity, age, gender and gender identity, sexual orientation, body type/physical appearance, disability/differently abled and work styles, or any other legally protected category. 
 Employment Status 
 Full Time
 Other Requirements 
 -There are no additional requirements for this position.
 EOE/AA 
 SRI is an Equal Opportunity Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class.
 Background Check 
 Candidates who receive a conditional offer of employment will be subject to a background check.
 Auto req ID 
 2784BR SRI International 6 days ago original job Report job Operations Manager jobs in Menlo Park, CA Jobs at SRI International in Menlo Park, CA Operations Manager salaries in Menlo Park, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
