
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Research Associate - Princeton, NJ 08544 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Research Associate Princeton University 201 reviews Princeton, NJ 08544 Princeton University 201 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Andlinger Center for Energy and the Environment
A postdoctoral research associate or more senior research position is available at Princeton University in the Andlinger Center for Energy and the Environment, working in the research group led by Assistant Professor Kelsey Hatzell. Research is focused on high temperature energy storage and heat-transfer media for concentrated solar power. Responsibilities include planning and performing experiments, visualization of data, image analysis, and manuscript and report preparation. The project requires applicants to have a strong background in heat transfer and a willingness to learn advanced x-ray imaging techniques. Experience with COMSOL Multiphysics and machine learning or artificial intelligence is desirable, but not necessary.
Individuals with a Ph.D. in relevant fields (including mechanical engineering, material science, chemical engineering, and/or electrical engineering) and expertise in thermal materials, thermal energy storage, high temperature heat exchangers, and/or x-ray tomography techniques are desirable. All candidates must have a strong research background and enjoy working on teams.
We are interested in receiving applications from members of groups that have been historically underrepresented in engineering fields.
The appointment will be for one year, with one year planned renewal contingent on performance and funding.
Applicants must apply online at https://www.princeton.edu/acad-positions/position/19382 and submit a CV, cover letter, and contact information for three references. This position is subject to the University's background check policy.
Princeton University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Princeton University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Princeton, NJ Jobs at Princeton University in Princeton, NJ Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Princeton, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Princeton University Princeton University 201 reviews Princeton University is a vibrant community of scholarship and learning that stands in the nation's service and the service of humanity. ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
