
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Developer - Fort Lauderdale, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Developer Viramar Worldwide Fort Lauderdale, FL Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Our agency has an immediate need for a bright Machine Learning Developer to join our team. 
 
We want to meet you if you are: 
 
 Innovative: You revel in using cutting-edge technologies and in generating big ideas. 
 Problem-Solver: You think critically about challenges and can produce ingenious solutions. 
 Game-Changer: You naturally disrupt traditional processes with new ways of doing things. 
 Creative: Your passion is to build, create, and ship new products on a regular basis. 
 Quality-Driven: You take quality, design, and detail seriously. 
 
 About our Machine Learning Developer position: 
 
The Machine Learning Developer will work with a team of robotics engineers to develop and implement various robot and artificial intelligence applications. The ideal candidate is adept at the design and configuration of big data technologies, and is passionate about building AI products. 
 
Core Requirements: 
 
 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Data Science, or a related field is required. A background in cognitive science, ML, AI is a plus. 
 4 or more years of hands-on experience developing big data, machine learning, and/or AI applications 
 Strong knowledge of Python/R/Java/C++ 
 Experience using TensorFlow, Scikit-Learn, Caffe, and/or PyTorch 
 Comfortable with Agile/Scrum methodologies 
 Strong investigative and problem solving skills 
 Ability to work collaboratively with partners, clients, and teams across multiple disciplines 
 Must be authorized to work in the US without sponsorship Viramar Worldwide 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Fort Lauderdale, FL Jobs at Viramar Worldwide in Fort Lauderdale, FL Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Fort Lauderdale, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Viramar Worldwide Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
