
 
 
 
 SAP SD S/4 HANA - Universal City, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SAP SD S/4 HANA Capgemini 8,221 reviews Universal City, CA Capgemini 8,221 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Experience with and knowledge of SD in S/4HANA is a big plus 
Responsible for the full systems lifecycle from requirements gathering through implementation of SAP SD functional solutions. 
This person will work closely with our clients and must demonstrate individual functional and professional knowledge to ensure that the work products and deliverables are of the highest caliber to ensure client satisfaction. 
This person will also apply project management expertise to identify, develop, and implement techniques to improve engagement productivity, increase efficiencies, mitigate risks, resolve issues, and optimize cost savings and efficiencies for clients. 
As an SAP SD consultant you will participate on SAP implementation & rollout projects or SAP support & maintenance projects within logistics functional area. 
Based on user requirements analysis you will prepare functional design and specifications, system configuration, perform relevant testing and deployment of the designed business solution. 
Understands configuration dependencies and interrelationships between separate functional modules of SAP and provide expertise into the definition and resolution of issues in this area with this knowledge. 
Conducts or participates in user requirements gathering, blueprinting & documentation designs. Familiarity with SAP Inventory Management and Material Master functional expertise (system configuration) is required 
Should have ITIL knowledge (Incident/Change/Knowledge/Problem Management) 
Knowledge of Pharma/Life science domain 
Knowledge of Service Now tool It will be added advantage 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Enterprise Architect jobs in Universal City, CA Jobs at Capgemini in Universal City, CA Enterprise Architect salaries in Universal City, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,221 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
