
 
 
 
 Research Intern, Artificial Intelligence - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Intern, Artificial Intelligence Facebook 621 reviews Austin, TX Facebook 621 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description Facebook was built to help people connect and share, and over the last decade our tools have played a critical part in changing how people around the world communicate with one another. With over a billion people using the service and more than fifty offices around the globe, a career at Facebook offers countless ways to make an impact in a fast growing organization. Facebook is seeking Research Interns to join Facebook AI Research (FAIR). We are committed to advancing the field of artificial intelligence by making fundamental advances in technologies to help interact with and understand our world. We are seeking individuals passionate in areas such as deep learning, computer vision, audio and speech processing, natural language processing, machine learning, reinforcement learning, computational statistics, and applied mathematics. Our interns have an opportunity to make core algorithmic advances and apply their ideas at an unprecedented scale. Many of our interns publish at top tier conferences such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, and ACL. This internship has a minimum 12-week duration. We have openings in our Menlo Park, New York, Seattle, and Pittsburgh offices. Internships will be awarded on a rolling basis and candidates are encouraged to apply early. Applicants are expected to be pursuing a PhD in one of the areas listed above; outstanding Masters and Bachelor students may also be considered. To learn more about our research visit https://research.facebook.com. 
Perform research to advance the science and technology of intelligent machines 
Perform research that enables learning the semantics of data (images, video, text, audio, and other modalities) 
Devise better data-driven models of human behavior, and/or 
Contribute research that can be applied to Facebook product development 
Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining, a degree (PhD, Masters, or Bachelors with relevant research experience) in Computer Science or related field 
Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment. 
Publications or experience in machine learning, AI, computer vision, optimization, computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, or data science 
Experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches 
Ability to manipulate and analyze complex, large scale, high-dimensionality data from varying sources 
Experience in utilizing theoretical and empirical research to solve problems 
Ability to communicate complex research in a clear, precise, and actionable manner 
Knowledge in C, C++, Python, Lua or other related programming language 
Experience building systems based on machine learning and/or deep learning methods 
Intent to return to degree-program after the completion of the internship/co-op 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Intern jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Facebook in Austin, TX Research Intern salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 621 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
