
 
 
 
 Associate Research Scientist - New York, NY 10027 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Research Scientist Columbia University 1,110 reviews New York, NY 10027 Columbia University 1,110 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Department of Applied Physics and Applied Mathematics at The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science of Columbia University in the City of New York invites applications for up to four Associate Research Scientist positions with the Billinge Group in the area of nanostructure inverse problem. 
 
 
 
The goals of the projects are to learn about the structure of nanomaterials by coupling in-situ synthesis experiments at synchrotron x-ray and neutron sources with structural outcomes using advanced high throughput data analysis and data analytic methods and to understand the nature of solid-state chemical synthesis. The projects will involve developing software and computational infrastructure for advanced high-throughput data analysis, modeling and interpretation using tools including artificial intelligence and machine learning. The successful candidates will also help with data acquisition from in-situ data acquisition experiments and with data analysis. 
 
 
 
Candidates will also be expected to work with domain scientists in synthesis and diffraction and with applied mathematicians with expertise in AI to provide powerful materials genomics tools to reach the target goal of understanding synthesis pathways by finding relationships between inputs and outputs. 
 
 
Candidates for professional officer of research positions are expected to have established their ability to conduct original, independent scientific research. To hold the associate research scientist rank, candidates’ qualifications and contributions to their fields of research must be equivalent to those of an assistant professor. 
 
 
All candidates for officer of research positions are expected to be able to work well in a team and to effectively communicate the results of their research activities both orally and in writing. 
 
 
Applicants can consult https://apam.columbia.edu for more information about the Department. 
 
 Minimum Degree Required 
 A Ph.D. (or equivalent professional degree) in materials science, chemistry, physics, earth science, data science, computer science or a related field. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 Knowledge of x-ray, neutron or electron diffraction/scattering, synchrotron radiation experiments, data analysis, data science, statistics and applied mathematics, software development in general and python programming in particular, are desirable but not required. In addition, experience in in situ experimentation, database setup and cloud computing is valuable. An ability to work well in a team environment is required. 
 
 
All applicants MUST meet these minimum qualifications to be considered for the position. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 
 Additional Information 
 
 RAPS posting date   03/06/2020 
 
 Search Closing Date 
 
 Special Instructions to the Applicant 
 
 Proposed Start Date   04/15/2020 
 
 EEO Statement 
 Columbia University is an Equal Opportunity Employer / Disability / Veteran 
 
 Review Begins   03/06/2020 Columbia University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Columbia University in New York, NY Research Scientist salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Columbia University Columbia University 1,110 reviews Columbia University (officially Columbia University in the City of New York) is a private Ivy League research university in Upper Manhatt... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
