
 
 
 
 Business Excellence Co-op - Andover, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Excellence Co-op Straumann Group 95 reviews Andover, MA Straumann Group 95 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Description 
#ChangeMakers. 
 Ready to make an impact?. 
We develop, manufacture and supply dental implants, clear alligners, instruments, CADCAM prosthetics and biomaterials for use in esthetic dentistry, tooth replacement and restoration solutions or to prevent tooth loss. 
 
We empower our employees to perform and make an impact, to question the status quo, to drive change, to stay ahead of the competition. From the first Dental Implant in 1974 to the latest Digital Solution – we do things differently than others 
 
We deliver innovation based on evidence. This is part of our employer culture as well as an exceptional team spirit that truly encourages diversity and a powerful “can-do” attitude. 
#WeChangeDentistry  every day. Be part of it. 
 
 Job Description 
Your Role 
The intern will help monitor our current operations and determine more efficient processes. The Business Excellence Co-Op/Intern’s responsibilities include participating in project pipeline discussions; analyzing current state of business operations through VOC surveys, data analysis/mining, process mapping, etc; assisting in improving staff workflows to reduce waste and inefficiencies that ultimately improve the customer experience. Current projects include but are not limited to: reducing duplication in master data, simplifying the returns/exchanges process, reducing backorders and improving backorder communication, and simplifying to scale customer discount structures. 
The Business Excellence Co-Op/Intern will be expected to go through several internal lean six sigma trainings and apply the classroom learnings to practical environments. 
 
 Your Responsibilities 
Support lean initiatives, including assisting in planning, performing, and sustainment of Kaizen events 
Improve back office processes to maximize efficiency and reduce waste 
Develop and implement process and methods improvements 
Develop and maintain process documentation such as standard work and control plans 
Participate in special projects supporting the business as required, potentially including artificial intelligence and machine learning 
 
 Qualifications 
 
Working toward a degree in industrial engineering, math, statistics, or a related field 
Must have the ability to understand and apply lean concepts, data analysis, and project management principles to drive process and project efficiency 
Must have the ability to perform at a high level in a fast-paced environment while managing multiple projects at once 
Excellent critical thinking and problem-solving skills 
Must be a self-starter that can perform well without constant supervision 
Ability to communicate and present clearly and effectively 
Troubleshooting skills and attention to detail 
Documentation and organizational skills 
Proficiency in MS Office 
Must have transportation to and from internship 
Additional Information 
What can you expect from us? 
An agile and ambitious environment: We are  #ChangeMakers. 
Open, friendly colleagues who  #collaborate  and  #support  each other: 
We are # Players+Learners . 
The  #freedom  to  #create  and  #engage : You can leave your  #FootprintInDentistry . 
An employer who invests in our  #inspiring  corporate  #culture . 
The  #opportunity  to develop yourself as a person and in your  #career . We  #grow. 
#Attractive  workplaces at great locations - We are a  #GlobalPlayer . 
A good salary and many other cool  #benefits  (depending on location). 
To work for the No. 1 in  #Dentistry  and one of the leading  #MedTech  companies. 
and many other things more! 
What do people say about us as an employer? 
 
See reviews on Indeed - Glassdoor - Kununu (German) 
Stay tuned and connect with us! 
 
@straumannjobs at LinkedIn - Xing - Twitter - Instagram - Pinterest - Quora 
Please be aware that we need some time to check out if we can offer you a challenging role. No need to ask every week. We are matching your CV with every upcoming vacancy. 
Until we meet again: All the best and the biggest success! Straumann Group 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Straumann Group in Andover, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Straumann Group Straumann Group 95 reviews We are Straumann.
United for global excellence in dentistry.

Every vision has its story. Ours began more than 60 years ago. Since the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
