
 
 
 
 Consultant (DigitalBCG) - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Consultant (DigitalBCG) Boston Consulting Group 307 reviews Atlanta, GA Boston Consulting Group 307 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Location: 
 Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, Houston, Los Angeles, Miami, Minneapolis, New Jersey, New York, Philadelphia, San Francisco, Seattle, Washington, D.C. 
 Geography: 
 North America 
 Capabilities: 
 Technology & digital 
 Industries: 
 Technology industries 
 Who We Are 
 Boston Consulting Group partners with leaders in business and society to tackle their most important challenges and capture their greatest opportunities. BCG was the pioneer in business strategy when it was founded in 1963. Today, we work closely with clients to embrace a transformational approach aimed at benefiting all stakeholders—empowering organizations to grow, build sustainable competitive advantage, and drive positive societal impact. 
 
Our diverse, global teams bring deep industry and functional expertise and a range of perspectives that question the status quo and spark change. BCG delivers solutions through leading-edge management consulting, technology and design, and corporate and digital ventures. We work in a uniquely collaborative model across the firm and throughout all levels of the client organization, fueled by the goal of helping our clients thrive and enabling them to make the world a better place. 
 
 Digital BCG 
 BCG has a long history of driving growth by embracing innovation and new ways of thinking. Through DigitalBCG, we bring together a diverse mix of consultants and digital specialists to ensure that we are supporting our clients throughout their digital transformation journeys. We work with our clients to fully understand the impact of digital on their business and set priorities that will transform their vision into value. Whether it be developing new technologies to support their core business, making better use of their data, or pursuing entirely new sources of revenue, our aim is to achieve radical improvements in productivity, flexibility, and speed. We are innovating how our clients are using artificial intelligence, robotic process automation, internet of things, personalization, blockchain technologies, and more to gain competitive advantage. 
 
 DigitalBCG encompasses a broad set of data, digital, and technology capabilities from BCG consulting teams and practices, along with our business units such as BCG Digital Ventures, BCG Platinion, and BCG GAMMA. 
 What You'll Do 
 DigitalBCG  is building the future of business today. Right now, every company in every industry is on a journey to become a digital organization. Our goal is to make that journey a success. 
As a  DigitalBCG Consultant , you will work with a team of BCG consultants and digital specialists advising clients on a range of topics that align to your areas of expertise and interests, including, but not limited to the following: 
Digital Transformation & Strategy:  Helping clients rethink the impact of digital on their business and accelerate their transformation efforts. 
Customer Centricity:  Reinventing the Customer Experience, leveraging journey maps, deep customer empathy, and data to create transformative digital interfaces, marketing strategies, and process innovations. 
Digital Marketing & Personalization:  Optimizing digital marketing programs across all digital channels and levers, including precision marketing, and analytics-enabled, one-to-one personalization. 
Big Data & Analytics:  Driving transformational value through cutting-edge applications of AI and Machine Learning tools that are fully scaled into the business. 
New Ways of Working:  Building ongoing organizational change capabilities, and helping clients transform into digital enterprises that continue to develop and innovate with speed, at scale. 
Transformation of the Technology Function and Technology Build:  Redesigning technology functions to improve flexibility, efficiency, and Business-IT alignment. 
As a Digital Strategy Consultant, you can expect to spend the majority of your time working on digital topics, and the balance working on a broader set of critical, unique challenges presented by our clients. A DigitalBCG Consultant will work in case teams to help solve complex business issues, work closely with clients to help them better understand competitive issues, develop strategies for change, and position themselves for the next wave of growth and competitive advantage. Within BCG, DigitalBCG Consultants will build both a comprehensive consulting skillset and digital expertise by working on a mix of digital and traditional BCG client cases. 
 
 What You'll Bring (Experience & Qualifications) 
 Ideally an MBA or MS plus a minimum of 2-3 years of full time work experience within digital fields, including product management, digital marketing & analytics, and/or designing & delivering world-class software products, in leading digital companies and/or start-ups or a Bachelor’s degree and 4-5 years of relevant digital work experience 
Ideally experience in one or multiple digital topics: strategy, transformation, organization, customer centricity, lean experimentation or agile. Core skills that are critically important in this role include: 
Strong analytical skills and a high capacity for conceptual thinking. 
Ability to develop leading-edge business models, frameworks for analysis, and long-term business strategies that maximize shareholder value. 
Must be able to thrive in a hypothesis-based environment where inductive rather than deductive reasoning is the norm. 
Desire to broaden digital skills and build a career in the digital space. Ideally having experience within digital or technology consulting or relevant industry experience 
Advanced quantitative analysis, solid business acumen and problem solving ability. High capacity for strategic/end-to-end thinking. 
Excellent communication and persuasion skills. 
 The companies that are winning the digital future are those that embrace digital diversity: diverse perspectives, diverse skills, and diverse capabilities. BCG’s digital teams reflect this diversity, combining digital-savvy business consultants and industry experts with a full spectrum of digital specialists. 
As you collaborate with your BCG team, you will increase your understanding of complex business problems from a wide range of perspectives and develop new skills. At the same time, you’ll work closely with our clients to find and execute value creation strategies that result in game changing outcomes. 
 
 YOU’LL BE BASED IN: 
We are currently hiring for all North American offices. 
YOU’LL BE TRAVELING: 
Travel is expected post-COVID and will vary based on client needs. 
TO JOIN US: 
All candidates must complete an online application to be considered. 
BCG is an E-Verify Employer. 
 
 Date Posted: 
 10-Nov-2020 
 Boston Consulting Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity / expression, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under national, provincial, or local law, where applicable, and those with criminal histories will be considered in a manner consistent with applicable state and local laws.
 
BCG is an E-Verify Employer. Boston Consulting Group 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Consultant jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Boston Consulting Group in Atlanta, GA Consultant salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Boston Consulting Group Boston Consulting Group 307 reviews Boston Consulting Group partners with leaders in business and society to tackle their most important challenges and capture their greates... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
