
 
 
 
 Business Development Manager, Artificial Intelligence - Menlo Park, CA 94025 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Development Manager, Artificial Intelligence Facebook 621 reviews Menlo Park, CA 94025 Facebook 621 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Qualified candidates will engage and drive high-impact business development and partnerships for Facebook’s Artificial Intelligence (AI) team. Identify partnership opportunities which help complement the AI team’s technology goals and objectives. Collaborate closely with Product and Engineering leads to identify gaps, and then engage select external partners to formulate, negotiate, and execute key partnership deals. 
Negotiating complex and custom business deals, including defining scope, customized pricing, intellectual property, and appropriate warranties 
Working closely with, managing, and leading cross-functional internal teams, including Engineering, Product Management, Legal, and Finance 
Bachelors degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, Engineering, or related field 
8+ years of work experience in a technology business development-related occupation 
Knowledge of technology and market dynamics of at least one of the following machine-learning segments: Computer Vision, Video Understanding, Natural Language Processing, Machine Translation, Speech Recognition, and Speech Synthesis 
Machine-learning development and deployment fundamentals, including nuances between model authoring, dataset curation, model training, datacenter/server inference, and mobile/on-device inference 
Demonstrated skills in engaging and managing business and technical relationships at select partners within the technology segment 
Demonstrated skills in executing inbound and outbound software licensing, dataset licensing, technical collaboration agreements, and professional services agreements 
Knowledge of machine-learning fundamentals, and market experience of the AI field 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Development Manager jobs in Menlo Park, CA Jobs at Facebook in Menlo Park, CA Business Development Manager salaries in Menlo Park, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 621 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
