
 
 
 
 Solutions Architect - Colorado Springs, CO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Solutions Architect FedEx Services 104 reviews Colorado Springs, CO Remote FedEx Services 104 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Company:  FedEx Services 
 Job Title:  Solutions Architect 
 Job Requisition Number:  RC363878 
 Category:  Information Technology 
 Pay Type:  Exempt 
 Locations: 
Collierville, Tennessee 38017 
United States 
 
Colorado Springs, Colorado 80921 
United States 
 
Plano, Texas 75024 
United States 
 
Orlando, Florida 32810 
United States 
 
Coraopolis, Pennsylvania 15108 
United States 
Job Summary:  Under limited guidance, works at the business unit level developing the end-to-end solution architecture for significant initiatives in partnership with key business and IT stakeholders. Expose current state architecture and identify options for future state architecture. Works closely with business and IT stakeholders creating solutions that balance competing interests and concerns. Develop plans for and facilitate the migration from current to selected future state by providing technical leadership to multiple initiatives. Mentor those in less senior positions. 
 
 Duties/Responsibilities:  Serves as a solutions expert, at the business unit level developing the most advanced solution architecture for highly complex and significant initiatives in partnership with key business and IT stakeholders. Expose current state architecture and identify options for future state architecture. Works closely with business and IT stakeholders creating solutions that balance competing interests and concerns. Develop plans for and facilitate the migration from current to selected future state by providing technical leadership to multiple initiatives. Mentor those in less senior positions. 
Work at all levels of portfolio and across multiple Agile Release Trains to deliver solution designs 
Present technical approaches to senior leadership team, provide technical leadership at the solution train layer, participate in backlog management, prioritize and estimate work efforts/features/capabilities 
Manage competing priorities 
Effectively communicate architecture, design considerations cross-functional team members and management. 
Foster safe and open communication environment 
Clearly articulate needs to onsite and offshore vendor teams 
Mentor and train people in junior positions 
 
Abilities/Knowledge/Skills Considered a Plus: 
 
Languages: Java, J2EE, and associated components 
Frameworks/Platforms: Renewal frameworks such as Springboot, Pivotal Cloud Foundry, Continuous Integration frameworks such as JaCoCo/Emma, PMD, Jenkins/Hudson 
Build Frameworks: Maven or Gradle 
SCM: VSS/SourceAnywhere, GIT, GITLab etc 
ApplicationMiddleware: WebLogic/Tomcat/JBoss 
Comm Protocols: SOAP, REST, JMS 
Databases: Oracle/No SQL 
OS: Unix/Linux, Shell Scripting 
Unit Testing Frameworks: jUnit/TestNG, EasyMock/Mockito 
Architecture & design Frameworks/Tools: TOGAF, EA-SPARX, Case Complete 
Knowledge of SAFe/Agile 
Data Analytics and IOT 
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning algorithms 
Work with Enterprise Architects to breakdown EPICs into capability and Business features, define the solution designs, iterate with domain and other solution architects and help guide application architects for Program Level decomposition and robust architectures. 
Facilitate communication and problem solving in large cross-group development. 
Leadership, proactive and excellent communication, presentation, and facilitation skills 
 
Domicile:  This position will be domiciled in Collierville, TN, Colorado Spring, CO, Dallas, TX, Pittsburg, PA and Orlando, FL. 
 
 Remote Work:  The ability to work remotely within the United States may be available based on business need. 
 
 Relocation:  Relocation assistance may be available based on business need. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications:  Bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, information Systems, business and/or equivalent formal training or work experience. Five (5) years equivalent work experience in information technology or engineering environment. A related advanced degree may offset the related experience requirement. Ability to lead, working collaboratively and creatively with business and IT stakeholders. Strong human relation and communication skills. 
 
 Application Criteria: To be considered, please upload a copy of your current resume to include beginning and ending dates for each employer/position and answer job screening questionnaire by close of business (5:00 PM CST) on Friday, May 14, 2021. 
FedEx Services is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetics disability, or protected Veteran status. 
FedEx Services will make reasonable accommodations for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified individual with a disability who is an applicant or an employee, unless undue hardship or a direct threat would result from the accommodation. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact recruitmentsupport@fedex.com. FedEx 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in Colorado Springs, CO Jobs at FedEx Services in Colorado Springs, CO Software Architect salaries in Colorado Springs, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from FedEx Services FedEx Services 104 reviews FedEx Services connects businesses to solutions. Our team members coordinate sales, marketing, communications, information technology, an... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
