
 
 
 
 NESD Sr. Artificial Intelligence Engineer - Virginia - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search NESD Sr. Artificial Intelligence Engineer General Dynamics Information Technology 7,555 reviews Virginia Remote General Dynamics Information Technology 7,555 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $100,248 - $167,413 a year Full Job Description Travel Required:  Less than 10% 
 Public Trust:  None 
 Requisition Type:  Pipeline 
 The  Navy Directorate for Information Dominance  is consolidating all Tier-1 IT service desks and moving from a human-centered Subject Matter Expert (SME)-based business model to a business model using a Knowledge-Based (KM) solution called  Navy Enterprise Service Desk (NESD).  We are seeking  Artificial Intelligence Engineers  to join our team. This position is supportable remotely with the U.S. 
As the AI Developer you will work with data engineers, machine learning engineers and data scientists to create AI functionality into existing applications. You will also maintain those systems to make sure that everything is running smoothly. Some of the duties that you will manage include: 
Solve various business challenges using AI software 
Design, develop, implement and monitor AI systems 
Educate the team at large on the potential and limitations of AI systems 
Develop data ingest and data transformation architecture 
Lead the search for new AI technologies to implement within the business 
Train teams when it comes to the implementation of AI systems 
Basic Qualifications: 
BS degree; additional years of experience may be considered in lieu of degree 
10+ years developing software applications 
Experience with the following: 
Mathematics, Algorithms, Probability and Statistics 
Programming languages like Java, Caml, and Groovy 
Deep learning platforms such as H20.AI 
Deep learning libraries 
Develop solutions integrated with ITSM systems (Helix Desired) 
Amelia AI Solution (Desired) 
Implement AI System (Desired) 
AWS Cloud platforms (Desired)
 Verbio Natural Language Processing Software 
APIs like OpenGL or PhysX 
Profiling tools like Perl or Perforce 
Analytic tools like TensorFlow, Torch, and PyTorch 
DoD 8570 certification required 
Secret clearance required
 The likely salary range for this position is $100,248 - $167,413, this is not, however, a guarantee of compensation or salary; rather, salary will be set based on experience, geographic location and possibly contractual requirements and could fall outside of this range.
 View information about benefits and our total rewards program.
 We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.
 
GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class. General Dynamics Information Technology 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Engineer jobs in Virginia Jobs at General Dynamics Information Technology in Virginia Senior Engineer salaries in Virginia Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Dynamics Information Technology General Dynamics Information Technology 7,555 reviews We are GDIT. The people supporting and securing some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the countr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
