
 
 
 
 Principal Product Engineer - Boise, ID - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Product Engineer Micron 1,039 reviews Boise, ID Micron 1,039 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Micron’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.  Join an inclusive team focused on one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can spark the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Req. ID: 292001 
As a Principal Product Engineer Lead, you will lead a team of engineers responsible for characterization, optimization, and pathfinding of emerging memory technology array including cell, sense amp, and access device. You will be driving the strategic direction of next generation memory technology! 
Responsibilities and Tasks include the following, but not limited to: 
Develop, mentor, and drive a group of product engineers of varying experience 
Champion the characterization around key components of the memory cell intrinsic performance 
Build, maintain, and improve testing and characterization methods, future circuits, and data analysis methodologies 
Collaborate with Design, Process Integration, and Cell Engineers to streamline the cell improvement effort (Read-window, performance, reliability), analyzing data, and providing direction for process and cell experiments 
Apply cell device physics knowledge to array and sense amp operation to both help set metrics for performance and reliability requirements and enable new technologies to achieve these requirements 
Help orchestrate array failure mode and effect analysis (FMEA) efforts, mentoring engineers in hands-on electrical failure analysis (EFA), and driving multi-functional teams to address device and array deficiencies 
Lead team to analyze array performance and support process qualification of emerging memory technologies to enable new product development and manufacturability. 
Set strategy for future emerging memory array. 
Present data in a clear and concise format updating management and multi-functional teams 
Qualifications: 
Bachelor or Master Degree in Physics, Material Science, Electrical, Computer, or other fields of Engineering 
Experience in semiconductor product, design, or process engineering with 10+ or more years’ experience. 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills 
Significant Experience with VLSI, Cadence, CMOS process, and through knowledge of Semiconductor Device Physics 
Advanced memory (DRAM, SRAM, NAND, NOR, or 3DXP) knowledge 
Proven track record to lead successful projects while mentoring, coaching, and effectively developing other specialists 
Prior experience as Lead or Supervisor is a plus but not required 
Appetite for learning and collaborating in a team environment! 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
Micron prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and other international and industry labor standards. 
Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron. 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Keywords: Boise || Idaho (US-ID) || United States (US) || Technology Development || Experienced || Regular || Engineering || #LI-LP1 || Tier 4 || Micron 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal Software Engineer jobs in Boise, ID Jobs at Micron in Boise, ID Principal Software Engineer salaries in Boise, ID Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Micron 1,039 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
