
 
 
 
 Events Planner 1 - Stanford, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Events Planner 1 Stanford University 707 reviews Stanford, CA Temporarily remote Stanford University 707 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Stanford Institute for Human-Centered Artificial Intelligence (HAI) is a newly formed and rapidly growing institute within the Dean of Research. As an independent research institute, HAI’s mission is to advance AI research, education, policy and practice to improve the human condition. What’s unique about HAI is that it balances diverse expertise and integration of AI across human-centered systems and applications in a setting that could only be offered by Stanford University. In realizing our mission, our staff are critical to supporting our organization’s goals and enabling Stanford faculty and students to accomplish its mission conducting cutting-edge research with the objective of formulating innovative solutions to global challenges. Together we’re helping build the future of AI. 
 
 HAI is located at the Stanford University campus. In response to COVID-19 and Shelter in Place requirements, Stanford University has decided that except when work can’t be done remotely, all staff will continue to work from home (temporary remote) until the end of June 2021. Stanford University will give reasonable notice when employees are expected to return to work on campus. 
 
 This position is a two-year (2) fixed-term appointment, which is renewable based on performance and funding. 
 
 Our VPDoR Diversity Journey: 
 We create a hub of innovation through the power of diversity of disciplines and people.
 We provide equitable access and opportunity to all members of the community in order to do their best work, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
 We listen to and value all colleagues who bring diverse perspectives to the advancement and development of a respectful community.
 We promote a culture of belonging, equity, and safety. 
 We embed these values in excellence of education, research, and operation. 
 
 POSITION SUMMARY: 
 The Stanford Institute for Human-Centered Artificial Intelligence is seeking an Events Planner 1 to assist in the planning and execution of HAI virtual and in-person events. Successful candidates must have excellent organizational skills including attention to detail and ability to multitask; time management skills and the ability to prioritize a large volume of tasks. They are self-motivated, enthusiastic, and willing to learn new technology. Strong interpersonal skills will be of value including experience building and maintaining relationships with a diverse network of individuals and organizations. 
 
 IN THIS POSITION YOU WILL: 
 Design, plan, implement, and coordinate customized events. 
 Evaluate and select vendors and providers of services considering partner requests and requirements. 
 Serve as a member of an events team, and contribute in a wide variety of functional areas including decisions around budget allocation, event logistics and facilities. 
 Consult with partners to determine objectives and requirements. 
 Inspect event facilities to ensure they conform to the event needs. 
 Manage accounting operations relating to registration, including daily accounting procedures and reports, final monetary summaries, and/or account transfers. 
 May serve as project leader on smaller scale events, coordinating teams that plan, implement, and manage all aspects of events or manage program elements of larger scale events. 
 Utilize and/or maintain complex databases. May use specialized event planning software. 
 May inspect event facilities for maintenance, janitorial and fire safety issues. 
 MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: 
 Education & Experience: 
 Associate degree and three years of relevant experience or combination of education and relevant experience. 
 
 Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: 
 Demonstrated success planning events. Both in-person and virtual. 
 Ability to work both independently and as part of a team. 
 Ability to establish priorities, manage shifting priorities, and handle numerous time-sensitive projects with multiple deadlines. 
 Demonstrated creativity, problem solving skills, taking initiative, judgment, and decision-making skills. 
 Ability to accomplish goals working through formal and informal channels, with diplomacy and tactfulness. 
 Excellent interpersonal, communication, time management, and customer service skills. Must be well organized and detailed oriented. 
 Knowledge of Microsoft Office suite and other online documents, such as Google Docs. 
 Ability to interact and successfully collaborate with a broad spectrum of contributing groups and customers. 
 
 Desired Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: 
 Skilled in virtual event platforms such as Zoom, Livestream, Vimeo, Slido, and YouTube Live. 
 Knowledge of CRM and web development platforms such as MailChimp, Drupal, and Adobe Creative Suite. 
 
 Certifications and Licenses: 
 Valid Non-Commercial Class California Driver’s License. 
 
 PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS*: 
 Frequently stand/walk, sit, perform desk-based computer tasks, and use a telephone. 
 Occasionally kneel/crawl, twist/bend/stoop/squat, grasp lightly/fine manipulation, and grasp forcefully, lift/carry/push/pull objects that weigh 21-40 pounds. 
 Ability to obtain and maintain a California Non-commercial Class license and drive day or night. 
 
 - Consistent with its obligations under the law, the University will provide reasonable accommodation to any employee with a disability who requires accommodation to perform the essential functions of the job. 
 
 WORKING CONDITIONS: 
 May require some travel and working evenings and weekends. 
 
 WORK STANDARDS: 
 Interpersonal Skills: Demonstrates the ability to work well with Stanford colleagues and clients and with external organizations. 
 Promote Culture of Safety: Demonstrates commitment to personal responsibility and value for safety; communicates safety concerns; uses and promotes safe behaviors based on training and lessons learned. 
 Subject to and expected to comply with all applicable University policies and procedures, including but not limited to the personnel policies and other policies found in the University’s Administrative Guide, http://adminguide.stanford.edu. 
 
 Why Stanford is for You 
 Imagine a world without search engines or social platforms. Consider lives saved through first-ever organ transplants and research to cure illnesses. Stanford University has revolutionized the way we live and enrich the world. Supporting this mission is our diverse and dedicated 17,000 staff. We seek talent driven to impact the future of our legacy. Our culture and unique perks empower you with: 
 
 Freedom to grow.  We offer career development programs, tuition reimbursement, or audit a course. Join a TedTalk, film screening, or listen to a renowned author or global leader speak. 
 A caring culture.  We provide superb retirement plans, generous time-off, and family care resources. 
 A healthier you.  Climb our rock wall, or choose from hundreds of health or fitness classes at our world-class exercise facilities. We also provide excellent health care benefits. 
 Discovery and fun.  Stroll through historic sculptures, trails, and museums. 
 Enviable resources.  Enjoy free commuter programs, ridesharing incentives, discounts and more! 
 
 The job duties listed are typical examples of work performed by positions in this job classification and are not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, tasks, and responsibilities. Specific duties and responsibilities may vary depending on department or program needs without changing the general nature and scope of the job or level of responsibility. Employees may also perform other duties as assigned. 
 
 Stanford is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Stanford University 20 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Event Planner jobs in Stanford, CA Jobs at Stanford University in Stanford, CA Event Planner salaries in Stanford, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Stanford University Stanford University 707 reviews Stanford University is one of the world's leading research universities. Stanford is known for its entrepreneurial character, drawn from ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
