
 
 
 
 College Intern - IT (4 weeks) Virtual - City of Lakeland, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search College Intern - IT (4 weeks) Virtual City of Lakeland, FL 60 reviews City of Lakeland, FL Remote City of Lakeland, FL 60 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $12 - $16 an hour Job Type Part-time Internship Full Job Description Performs entry level professional duties of moderate difficulty providing the opportunity for professional training in various offices throughout the City. Performs assigned duties to acquire knowledge of methods, procedures and standards required for successful performance. Specific activities vary by department. Work is performed under direct supervision. 
 
This is a virtual internship. Intern will complete a research project on emerging technology in public safety. Prior students have focused on topics such as artificial intelligence, drones, body cameras, wearable technology, and 5G cellular connectivity. Interns will be required to virtually present their findings in a PowerPoint presentation at the end of the internship. City laptop will be provided. The position is for 20 hrs per week for 4 weeks and will run in three rotations: 
Rotation #1: May 24th - June 18th 
Rotation #2: June 21st - July 16th 
Rotation #3: July 19th - August 13th 
 ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS AND ADDITIONAL FUNCTIONS:
 Complete a research project on emerging technology in public safety. Provides professional support such as tracking and charting citywide performance measures; develops tracking methods and gathering performance data. 
Performs self-reading as assigned, correcting errors as they are found. 
Conducts special studies in conjunction with a project, analyzes data, and makes recommendations based upon studies. 
ADDITIONAL FUNCTIONS : 
 
Performs related work as required. 
 QUALIFICATIONS (EDUCATION, TRAINING AND EXPERIENCE) AND SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS:
 Enrollment as a Junior or Senior or recent graduation from a degree-seeking program in an accredited college or university in Computer Science or a similar field. 
 KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, ABILITIES AND WORKING ENVIRONMENT/PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:
 Understanding of IT concepts 
Ability to establish and maintain cooperative and effective relationships with supervisor, co-workers, other City employees and the general public. 
Knowledge of or ability to learn Microsoft Office Suites. 
Skill in communicating effectively both verbally and in writing and to request clarification when needed. 
WORKING ENVIRONMENT/PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: 
Requires sedentary work that involves walking or standing some of the time, exerting up to ten (10) pounds of force on a recurring basis and routine keyboard operations. 
The job risks exposure to no significant environmental hazards. 
The job requires normal visual acuity, field of vision, hearing and speaking. 
All City of Lakeland positions are subject to testing (e.g. written, oral, performance, computerized, interview, and/or any combination). Candidates selected for testing will be notified via email or telephone. Please check your e-mail and telephone messages regularly, including "junk" folders. Test times and locations to be announced. 
THE CITY OF LAKELAND IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/EQUAL ACCESS EMPLOYER AND A DRUG FREE WORKPLACE City of Lakeland, FL 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Student Intern jobs in City of Lakeland, FL Jobs at City of Lakeland in City of Lakeland, FL Student Intern salaries in City of Lakeland, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from City of Lakeland, FL 60 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
