
 
 
 
 Product Designers - Platform Experience - San Francisco, CA 94103 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Designers - Platform Experience Twitter 91 reviews San Francisco, CA 94103 Twitter 91 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Description 
Who We Are: 
Twitter is committed to serving the public conversation by helping users stay informed, inform others, and discuss what matters. 
Twitter is looking for Senior Product Designers to join the Platform Experience team responsible for designing and building the internal Twitter Management Console used by thousands of employees every day. In this role, you’ll work with product managers, engineers, and other designers to create consistently excellent experiences which enable our teams to develop seamlessly on the Twitter platform. 
Our platform serves thousands of internal customers running the thousands of services that make up our product. You’ll partner directly with internal customers on many kinds of projects and technologies that keep Twitter performing reliably and enabling new experiences. 
The Twitter Design family envisions the products that fuel Twitter’s mission to give everyone the power to create and share ideas and information instantly, without barriers. We have a direct impact on product strategy, roadmaps, and the detailed design of new experiences. We believe in building strong relationships, surpassing expectations, and having fun along the way. 
 
 Job Description 
What You'll Do 
As a member of our growing team you'll design tools that will serve internal teams at Twitter, partnering closely with Twitter engineering and Product teams to build systems at scale. This work includes our internal hybrid cloud management experience paralleling those of cloud offerings such as AWS and GCP. Your work will make it drastically easier to be a developer at Twitter, enabling Twitter to deliver for our users at increased pace. 
As a member of our growing team, you’ll bring a mix of strong product design experience, “Design-Thinking” methodologies, design-system knowledge, talent, expertise, and innovative product insights to the role. You’ll balance a rigorous user-centric perspective with the ability to make bold decisions and move the product forward in a fast-paced development environment. You’ll foster collaboration and consistency across teams and products by working closely with product managers and engineers (local & distributed) to build great experiences for developers using Twitter’s data products. You’ll partner with our Research team to find opportunities and integrate user insights into product strategy and design. You will always champion user experience, product consistency, and design excellence. 
 
 Qualifications 
Who You Are 
If this sounds like a fit for you, you probably have: 
5+ years experience designing and building products for desktop experiences in a fast-paced and dynamic cross-functional environment (B2B & B2C). 
Expert in product design, user interface, interaction, visual and motion design, storytelling, and prototyping across web and mobile web platforms. 
Experience working with and contributing to design systems and componentization 
Demonstrate ability to tackle complex problems and be able to identify and mitigate risks. 
Excellent communication, presentation and collaboration skills with a strong ability to influence cross-functionally at all levels. 
Experience being a design lead who leads large projects and direct/mentor other designers. 
Passion for identifying and solving customer problems. 
Comfort in a fast-paced, highly-dynamic environment with multiple stakeholders. 
Skilled with Figma (or Sketch) and prototyping tools such as Framer, Principle. 
Comfortable presenting and working with senior executives 
Embraces and encourages diverse perspectives to inspire product thinking. 
Business acumen. 
#LoveTwitter 
Added bonus 
Great but not required: 
Experience building complex internal-tools. 
Experience with machine learning and artificial intelligence 
A passion for and interest in data and data visualization. 
Some experience with basic coding (HTML, CSS, Javascript or other). 
Additional Information 
We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status. 
San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Twitter 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Designer jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Twitter in San Francisco, CA Product Designer salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Twitter Twitter 91 reviews Twitter is an American online news and social networking service on which users post and interact with short messages known as tweets.  T... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
