
 
 
 
 Climate Adaptation Solutions Strategist - Menlo Park, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Climate Adaptation Solutions Strategist One Concern Menlo Park, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description One Concern is a Menlo Park-based benevolent artificial intelligence company with a mission to save lives and livelihoods before, during and after disasters. Founded at Stanford University, One Concern enables insurers, corporations, cities and citizens to embrace a disaster-free future, through AI-enabled technology solutions. By combining data science and natural phenomena science we are pursuing a vision for planetary-scale resilience, where everyone lives in a safe, equitable, and sustainable world. 
One Concern is growing rapidly, and we are looking for passionate, motivated, and high reaching people to join our team. 
One Concern’s Solutions Team is seeking an Climate Adaptation Solutions Strategist. This role requires specialized skills in climate risk, adaptation, and financing domains; and an ability to understand the customer needs and industry trends. Climate Adaptation Strategist will work with the customers and multidisciplinary teams in the US and Japan to develop the strategy and specifications for our solution for various customers. 
 Responsibilities - Get ready to think big, work smart, and shine bright! 
Develop strategy and specifications for evolving One Concern’s products and solutions for climate risk adaptation and financing, targeted at enterprises, insurers, banks, asset managers, and cities. 
Work closely with various cross-functional teams at One Concern (Solutions, Data Science, Engineering, Product Management, and Business Development) to build innovative and practical solutions and product offerings. 
Drive innovation within One Concern to stay ahead of client needs and to differentiate our offerings in the market. Help One Concern evolve its current value proposition for climate adaptation with our next key target clients across sectors by being active in the market, listening to clients, developing new service offerings and delivering high quality and impactful solutions to our clients. 
Keep up-to-date on the latest climate risk adaptation, climate resilience investments, risk financing market trends, and public-private partnerships approaches for climate adaptation. 
Conduct quantitative research and business analysis for new opportunities in the climate adaptation and financing market, and identify relevant use cases for the applications of One Concern resilience platform of those markets. 
Support pre-sales and post-sales efforts to deliver solutions to solve customer's business problems using One Concern technology, and explain analyses, methods, validations, and limitations to clients. 
Provide business value by assisting in selling at the top levels of client organizations, raising the profile of One Concern’s capabilities within key client organizations. Support the Solutions Team in the presentation of new climate adaptation and financing solutions to key client decision makers, including (re)insurance managers, asset managers, enterprise CROs and CFOs. Interact with customers to understand the requirements, field technical questions, and provide details on our technical solutions. 
Create customer-ready materials to successfully position One Concern solutions to the customers. 
 Requirements 
At least five (5) years of relevant experience in the climate risk adaptation, climate resilience Investment and risk financing domains. Experience of working for/with (re)insurance companies or brokers, asset managers, or climate finance companies will be a big plus 
Demonstrated experience of working on climate adaptation approaches and risk financing options (through enterprise risk management budget, bank loans, blended finance, resilience bonds, or insurance) 
Good understanding of the (re)insurance/financial sector, climate risk and climate finance industry, and private sector/public-private partnerships approaches for climate adaptation 
MS or Ph.D degree in Finance, Economics, Mathematics, Actuarial Science, Statistics Engineering, or a related technical field 
Demonstrated experience of working on new solutions working with customers and teams in a multidisciplinary environment 
Strong communication, quantitative and analytical skills 
Creative, innovative mindset for identifying and solving open-ended problems 
High willingness and flexibility to travel (domestic/international) - potentially >25% travel under normal, post COVID-19 conditions 
 Nice to Have 
(Re)insurance, catastrophe modeling, and AI/Machine Learning experience is a big plus 
Experience of working with clients in Japan One Concern 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at One Concern in Menlo Park, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from One Concern One Concern, Inc. fundamentally changes the way society plans for, responds to, and recovers from all types of emergencies and natural di... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
