
 
 
 
 Director, Artificial Intelligence Development - Vista, CA 92081 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Artificial Intelligence Development Leica Biosystems 79 reviews Vista, CA 92081 Leica Biosystems 79 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description As a Director, Artificial Intelligence Development, you will be responsible for managing an Agile team of scientists, developers, and engineers to bring new AI products to market. To achieve our AI ambitions, you will interface with AI Lab scientists, development teams, external AI product partners, product marketing, and customer pathologists as we augment our scanning and imaging platform with new AI and ML product capabilities.
 
At LBS, we believe “the best team wins”. You will be a valued leader of a high-touch technical execution team recognized by the organization as leading the charge in catalyzing the industry’s rapid migration to digital pathology.
 
Major Responsibilities
 Provide clear and concise evidence-based education in digestible chunks to senior executives on what AI use cases are feasible and the nuances behind them for each cancer indication.
 Mentor and guide Development Teams on using NLP approaches to consuming pathologist reports as well as supervised and weakly-supervised DL approaches around getting to ground truth with SMEs.
 Prototype to surface early success indicators or fail-fast.
 Continuously be up-to-speed in current AI research and market trends, form your opinion, and socialize it a diverse set of stakeholders.
 Manage executives’ expectations around internal AI development timelines.
 Manage daily development efforts of the AI Scrum Teams.
 
 Required Education, Experience, Skills: 
Strong desire to do meaningful work in the world and proven ability to break down challenging problems
 Master’s degree in a science/technology related discipline (PhD. Preferred)
 Healthcare industry experience in Diagnostics, Medical Device, or Pharmaceuticals
 Demonstrated ability to lead effectively in matrix organization
 Minimum 5+ years AI, ML, DL, or computer vision with a progression from developer to manager
 10+ years in an Agile software development
 Strong Interpersonal skills with the ability to explain, educate, and hold the line around AI development discipline and best practices
 
 Candidate Interview Success looks like: 
Be prepared to talk about your specific projects, what problem you were solving, why was it important to your organization, how did the outcome compare with the objective?
 Able to demonstrate a concrete example of the journey from AI product concept to development complete
 
 Travel: 
10%
 
 Language: 
English fluency required. Bonus points for additional languages (esp. German, Mandarin) Danaher 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Development Director jobs in Vista, CA Jobs at Leica Biosystems in Vista, CA Development Director salaries in Vista, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Leica Biosystems Leica Biosystems 79 reviews Leica Biosystems (founded 1989) is a biotechnology company that develops and supplies clinical diagnostics to the pathology market.  It i... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
