
 
 
 
 Laboratory Assistant - De Soto, Kansas - De Soto, KS - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Laboratory Assistant - De Soto, Kansas Biodesix, Inc. De Soto, KS Job details Salary $17.31 - $19.23 an hour Job Type Full-time Full Job Description ABOUT US: 
Biodesix is a leading diagnosticcompany with a focus in lung disease. The Company develops diagnostic testsaddressing important clinical questions by combining multi-omics through thepower of artificial intelligence. Biodesix is the first company to offer sixnon-invasive tests for patients with diseases of the lung. Biodesix launchedthe SARS-CoV-2 ddPCR™ test and the Platelia SARS-CoV-2 Total Ab in response tothe global pandemic and virus that impacts the lung and causes COVID-19. The bloodbased Biodesix Lung Reflex® strategy for lung cancer patients integrates theGeneStrat® and VeriStrat® tests to support treatment decisions with results in72 hours, expediting time to treatment. The blood based Nodify Lung™ nodulerisk assessment testing strategy consisting of the Nodify XL2™ test and theNodify CDT™ test evaluates the risk of malignancy in incidental pulmonarynodules, enabling physicians to better triage patients to the most appropriatecourse of action. Biodesix also collaborates with many of the world’s leadingbiotechnology and pharmaceutical companies to solve complex diagnosticchallenges in lung disease. For more information about Biodesix, pleasevisit www.biodesix.com. 
OBJECTIVE OF THE POSITION: 
The Lab Assistant is anentry level position responsible for providing lab and operational supportservices to the Operations Team. This position reports to departmentsupervisor and takes direction from higher level technical personnel. 
The ideal candidate will haveexperience in working under possibly hazardous conditions (e.g. pathogens orchemicals). This individual will be well-trained to maintain safety conditionsand will be passionate for doing work that makes things move forward. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Pickup, receivingand storage of clinical specimens (i.e., blood); accessioning specimens forclinical testing, making labels, setting up tubes and supplies, logging into thecomputer-based laboratory information system; inventory management support and generallab assistant type work (e.g., maintaining eye wash station, fire extinguishers,shower, stockroom, etc.). 
Asa Laboratory Assistant, this role is required to abide by applicable laws,regulations, and accreditation standards governing the Laboratory meetingqualifications under CLIA 06D2085730, Section 493.1495; Human ResourcesSustaining Standard of Practice 4 (HR Sr) Technical Personnel. 
COMPETENCY OR POSITION REQUIREMENTS: 
Compliance with immunization and other health record procedures 
Train on quality required SOPs prior to performing tasks in the laboratory 
Compliance with all laboratory safety procedures 
Ability to understand new concepts and apply them accurately 
Ability to follow detailed instructions as well as organizational policies and procedures 
Must have basic communication and interpersonal skills to enable effective interface with internal professionals 
Ability to work independently or in a team environment 
Competency in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) 
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: 
 • High-school diploma (certificate)  Currently enrolledin a Baccalaureate degree-granting program,or degree in Chemistry, Biology, or other life science, or other combination of experience/training thatincludes laboratory experience 
UNPLANNEDACTIVITIES: 
Other duties asassigned. 
OTHER: 
This position is eligible for bothequity awards and the short-term incentive program. 
Biodesixprovides paid healthcare, including medical, dental and vision, and acompetitive paid vacation and sick leave program. Please visit ourwebsite for additional details. 
 www.biodesix.com/careers/benefits 
Biodesix is an equal opportunity employer. All qualifiedapplicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin,disability, or veteran status. Biodesix, Inc. 10 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Laboratory Assistant jobs in De Soto, KS Jobs at Biodesix in De Soto, KS Laboratory Assistant salaries in De Soto, KS Company Info Follow Get job updates from Biodesix, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
