
 
 
 
 Principal Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Engineer - San Francisco, CA 94108 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Engineer Nike 9,953 reviews San Francisco, CA 94108 Nike 9,953 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Become a Part of the NIKE, Inc. Team 
 NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the world’s best athletes. It is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. The company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. Its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. The brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. At NIKE, Inc. it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game. 
who are we looking for
 The Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Group applies machine learning to problems at Nike. We develop fundamental technologies, do applied research and development, and deliver to production to enable AI/ML across Nike. We are seeking a highly capable Machine Learning Scientist/Engineer who is passionate about machine learning and driven to make an impact. They will apply machine learning and engineering expertise to improve existing algorithms and understand and be able to leverage core concepts of AI/ML to research and develop new algorithms. They will collaborate in multi-functional teams to support other groups who will also be working on science or science engineering related work. 
what will you work on
 You will work with the Artificial Intelligence and Machine learning group at Nike. Your primary focus will be consumer facing applications of science and engineering which drive customer engagement. You will write production quality code that is scalable across substantial datasets and implement and deploy them into production. You will be involved in all end to end aspects from prototyping solutions, deploying solutions, and maintaining production applications. You will work cross functionally with other teams to understand all integration and product requirements to deliver the final code and provide mentorship to more junior members. 
who will you work with
 In this role, you will work closely with our distributed team, along with Consumer Analytics, Enterprise Architecture, and Solution Architecture. This role reports to a Director on the AIML team. 
 what you bring
 Masters. or Ph.D. in Statistics, Computer Science or similar field (PhD. preferred) 
 7+ years of validated experience in Data Science, Machine Learning, or engineering 
 Extensive experience mentoring more junior scientists or engineers 
 Very Strong programming skills 
 Extensive track record of developing and delivering production code in languages like python, spark, Java, Scala, etc. 
 Extensive experience owning end-to-end lifecycle of data science or data science engineering development 
 Extensive track recording of delivering and supporting high impact solutions that scale across very large datasets to production 
 Strong detailed knowledge of AI/ML techniques, ie, neural networks, tree ensembles, regressions, etc. 
 Ability to innovate in both science and engineering 
 Experience architecting or delivering cloud solutions 
 Track record of thought leadership across large teams 
 Ability to clearly communicate deep technical knowledge to a wide range of audiences. 
 
 NIKE, Inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. Nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. No matter the location, or the role, every Nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: To bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world. 
NIKE, Inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability. Nike 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Nike in San Francisco, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nike Nike 9,953 reviews NIKE, Inc. is the world’s leading designer, marketer and distributor of authentic athletic footwear, apparel, equipment and accessories f... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
