
 
 
 
 Jr. Software Engineer - Schaumburg, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Jr. Software Engineer Motorola Solutions 2,949 reviews Schaumburg, IL Motorola Solutions 2,949 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description If you are a current Motorola Solutions employee, please click this link to apply through your Workday account.
 Company Overview
 At Motorola Solutions, we create technologies our customers refer to as their lifeline. Our technology platforms in communications, software, video and services help our customers work safely and more efficiently. Whether it’s helping firefighters see through smoke, enabling police officers to see around street corners, or reliably keeping the lights on in homes and businesses around the world, our work supports those who put their lives on the line to keep us safe. Bring your passion, potential and talents to Motorola Solutions, and help us usher in a new era in public safety and security. 
 
 Department Overview
 The Applied Technology organization puts some of Motorola Solutions' brightest minds on unique, highly challenging projects. Based on decades of experience with our customers, we apply leading-edge technologies to support security and safety throughout the world. We engineer our products from start to finish and manufacture them in-house. We're known for low volume and high capability with focused specialization in areas including software-defined radios, advanced antenna solutions, artificial intelligence and machine learning, cybersecurity, signals intelligence and more. We can't tell you much more about what we do, but we can tell you it's amazing.
 
 Job Description
 Candidates for this position are software engineers with strong programming skills who demonstrate curiosity, continuous learning, and an ability to adapt. Ideal candidates have a diverse knowledge and a wide variety of interests, especially in cellular / wireless communications. Hands-on experience in embedded software development is also beneficial. Our products are developed to very high standards of quality and reliability and you will be expected to learn and conform to the department’s software process during all development activities. You will have the opportunity to create proof-of-concept and low-volume specialty communications products for government and private industry.
 
 
 Responsibilities:
 Develop solutions for real world systems and standalone products to enhance existing Applied Technology offerings.
 Collaborate with multi-disciplinary product development teams.
 Perform duties in all areas of development (i.e. requirements analysis, high and low-level design, coding, model training and evaluation, documentation, real world testing, and validation).
 Hands-on interaction with product hardware for developing and debugging. 
 
 Specific Skills/Knowledge:
 Excellent understanding of real-time embedded software design and be proficient in Linux, C, C++, Python and other software languages and operating systems.
 Agile software development and/or Git/JIRA experience is a plus.
 Flexible, results-oriented problem-solver who requires minimal supervision. Projects can vary greatly from one to the next, so you must thrive on variety and enjoy taking on new challenges.
 Willingness to learn one or more wireless communication standards (GSM, CDMA, UMTS, LTE, iDEN, Tetra, etc.).
 Ability to meaningfully communicate with members of all engineering disciplines (Hardware, RF, Software, FPGA, etc), as well as management.
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
 #AppliedTech 
 
 Basic Requirements
 Bachelor's (BS) or Master's (MS) degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical & Computer Engineering, or related technical field.
 Experience programming in C, C++, and/or Python.
 Must be a U.S. citizen with ability to obtain necessary security clearance as required by government contract. Some contracts may have higher-level clearance requirements.
 
 Travel Requirements
 None
 
 Relocation Provided
 None
 
 Position Type
 New Grad
 
 Referral Payment Plan
 No 
 
 
 EEO Statement
 Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran's status, or, any other protected characteristic. Motorola Solutions 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Junior Software Engineer jobs in Schaumburg, IL Jobs at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, IL Junior Software Engineer salaries in Schaumburg, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Motorola Solutions Motorola Solutions 2,949 reviews Motorola Solutions (NYSE: MSI) is a global leader in mission-critical communications and analytics. Our technology platforms in mission-c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
