
 
 
 
 Data Research Analyst Intern - Ames, IA 50014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Research Analyst Intern Kingland Systems 27 reviews Ames, IA 50014 Kingland Systems 27 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description COMPANY SUMMARY 
Since 1992, Kingland's managed solutions have helped data-intensive, highly-regulated clients connect and protect their businesses. Kingland develops and manages enterprise-class software solutions using its Kingland Platform and teams of data and technology experts. Clients in the banking and capital markets, public accounting, insurance, and retail industries look to Kingland to create solutions to manage data, risk, compliance, customer insight and more. The Kingland Platform is a highly secure, cloud-optimized software platform that includes enterprise data management, text analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning, and workflow and compliance management capabilities. 
Kingland is unique. While we are based in Iowa, our clients are not. We are an Iowa company with a significant global reach. We provide our employees with the opportunity to "live locally and work globally", combining the Iowa quality of life that we all love, with exciting opportunities to travel the world and work on large projects for large clients. 
Kingland is growing. We’re looking for individuals who like to tackle big challenges, want to work on mission-critical solutions, as well as desire to make a difference in the world — and be rewarded for their efforts. Explore all the ways that quality of work meets quality of life at Kingland, and launch yourself on an exciting new adventure. 
POSITION SUMMARY 
Are you looking for an opportunity to jump-start your future career? Do you want to gain real world experience working on a team that values hard work and resourcefulness? Are you motivated and willing to learn new things? If you answered “yes”, the Data Research Analyst (DRA) position may be for you. 
 This position is a  remote * data-entry position that requires analytical skills and attention to detail. For the foreseeable future, the DRA position will be remote with Kingland providing all necessary equipment. There may be a time during the internship where working in the office, which is conveniently located across from ISU campus, is required. 
DRA’s are an integral part of the Operational Data Outsourcing (ODO) production team, which provides data maintenance and cleansing for capital markets and large banking firms through internet based research. DRA’s will have the opportunity to earn promotions and take on additional responsibilities such as reviewing others’ work, leading small teams of DRA’s, and assisting management in enhancing data quality. 
MAJOR RESPONSIBLITIES AND DUTIES 
Conduct research and complete data entry on corporations and investment vehicles, using defined procedures to identify relationships and provide validated and credible data. 
Continue to enhance data quality over time on new and existing data through continual data clean-up efforts. 
Perform work according to the data quality and production standards as defined in policies and procedures. 
Participate in projects, as assigned, to assist the management team with improving automation, efficiency, effectiveness of solutions, and training. 
POSITION REQUIREMENTS 
Strong work ethic and a willingness to learn 
Ability to work remotely while also meeting performance expectations 
Interest in learning about the financial industry 
General knowledge of financial and accounting industries preferred 
Must currently be enrolled in college level courses 
Must be able to commit 18 hours a week to the internship 
Must be able to commit to 2 consecutive semesters Kingland Systems 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Intern jobs in Ames, IA Jobs at Kingland Systems in Ames, IA Research Intern salaries in Ames, IA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Kingland Systems Kingland Systems 27 reviews Since 1992, Kingland's managed solutions have helped data-intensive, highly-regulated clients connect and protect their businesses. Kingl... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
