
 
 
 
 Administrator L2 - Lansing, MI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Administrator L2 Capgemini 8,221 reviews Lansing, MI Capgemini 8,221 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :3+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Analyze, performance tuning and message monitoring of Tibco environments 
Develop and manage Hawk rules. 
Proactively keep applications running 
Build automation (Hawk, RPA) and deployments 
Support the overall platform architecture and configure threads 
Install, patch, monitor, diagnose Tibco software. 
Facilitate network connectivity and security configuration elements between platform and all connected source/target systems and client/third-party environments 
Support the migration of ESB integrations to different environments. 
Manage ESB operations, including oversight of all environments to maintain production performance, oversee back up and disaster recovery capabilities, provide application support for the TIBCO platform 
24*7 production support 
Managing tickets, collecting doc, devising workarounds, taking corrective or preventative actions 
Work with the vendor in root cause analysis 
Required Skills and Experience: 
3+ Years? experience in Tibco Suite Administration using Business Works 6.5 
3+ Years? experience working with Amazon Cloud (AWS) 
3+ Years? experience using TIBCO Administrator(TEA), HAWK, EMS 
Experience in DevOps and CI/CD automation 
Install and configure Jenkins in Linux environment and configure security 
Install and configure Maven for automated builds and release 
Onboarding Jenkins Jobs, build and deploy Tibco applications in various environments 
Experience with deployment of Tibco applications in LINUX environment. 
Experience with automation scripts for Tibco components 
Working experience in implementing and managing security features using TIBCO BW including web service security. 
Expert level diagnostic and Root Cause Analysis (RCA) skills. 
Expert level JVM dump reading 
Strong knowledge in troubleshooting issues and also issue resolutions 
Demonstrate anticipation and initiative in the planning for and management of problems. 
Implement technical or procedural solutions to problems 
Strong working experience with SSL certificates, X509 token etc. 
Must be capable of working independently to pursue solutions and problem solving. 
Strong interpersonal and communication skills 
Experience with Cloud Foundry Preferred 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 21 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Administrator jobs in Lansing, MI Jobs at Capgemini in Lansing, MI Administrator salaries in Lansing, MI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,221 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
