
 
 
 
 Volte IMS Development - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Volte IMS Development Simpler Jobs Mountain View, CA Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Overview:
 
We are SimplerJobs Inc., a start-up staffing agency, connecting talented people to companies in need of their skills is at the very heart of what we do. That’s because, in a world where nothing is permanent, job seekers and employers are continually asking, “What’s next?” People today are choosing to work in independent ways—temporary, contract, freelance, and as gig workers—to gain experience, advance their careers, and achieve the flexibility to pursue their passions. For employers, the task then becomes embracing this modern world of work and rethinking their talent strategy to harness the potential of all workers and work styles and their value in the workplace. 
Our client aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas, and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. 
Responsibilities:
 Good hold on data structures and programming, specifically in C/C++ environment is must. 
Device Side experience is a MUST 
Expertise in VoLTE/VoWIFI/RCS protocols and/or Android Telephony areas 
Bug analysis, debug and work with internal and external vendors to fix issues in IMS and Telephony areas. 
Test and debug new IMS/Telephony features/bugs. 
Perform carrier and standards compliance review in IMS/Telephony areas. Simpler Jobs 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job IMS Associate jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Simpler Jobs in Mountain View, CA IMS Associate salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Simpler Jobs Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
