
 
 
 
 Frontend Engineer - Brooklyn, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Frontend Engineer Runway AI Brooklyn, NY Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About the role 
We’re looking for a strong Frontend Engineer to help us build new interfaces for content creation. The best fit for this role has an eye for good design and smooth interactivity, strives to write clean and maintainable code, and has a deep interest in the future of creative tools and browser technologies. You’ll be working closely with our design team as well as the backend team to implement new features for the Runway application, as well as participating in user research sessions to understand how Runway is being used by creators across the world. 
This is a full-time role. We are based in New York, but welcome remote applications from everywhere 
About the company 
Runway is building the next generation of creative tools. We are a small team of artists, engineers, developers, and researchers working together to predict-by-inventing the future. Our team members used to work at NYU, Disney Research, IBM Research, Linode, and Stanford. 
We've built a tool that makes machine learning easy and accessible for all types of creatives. And our users love it. But our vision is bigger. We are transforming how content and media is created. For decades, media creation has relied on incremental iterations of the same old tools. And while some of those tools have become  smarter  in recent years, they're still very much rooted in an outdated paradigm. We've been stuck with the same old  Creative Suite  for way too long. Artificial intelligence and machine learning will not just bring automation at every scale, but a significant change in  how  we create. That's why Runway is reimagining how we create, so we can create new things. 
 
Runway has an active and growing community of artists and creators all over the world. IBM, Google, R/GA, New Balance, Chanel, and dozen of companies are using Runway to create and explore new creative boundaries. Runway is also used to teach at a wide variety of institutions. From architectural programs at MIT to self-organized independent workshops in Perú. 
We are a young company and this role is a unique opportunity to join a market-defining company in its early stages.
 Requirements 
Knowledge of TypeScript, React, and modern web UI development frameworks. 
Expertise in building robust and accessible web interfaces. 
Ability to profile and optimize web applications, with a deep understanding of developer tools of different browsers. 
Understanding of best practices for modern web application development, as well as continuous integration and deployment. 
Deep interest in the landscape of creative tools and ability to emphasize with creators. 
Ability to rapidly prototype solutions and iterate on them with tight product deadlines. 
Strong communication, collaboration, and documentation skills. Runway AI 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Front End Developer jobs in Brooklyn, NY Jobs at Runway AI in Brooklyn, NY Front End Developer salaries in Brooklyn, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Runway AI Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
