
 
 
 
 Cloud Hardware Engineer - Hillsboro, OR 97124 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Cloud Hardware Engineer Intel 5,432 reviews Hillsboro, OR 97124 Intel 5,432 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
Become a member of one of the largest engineering companies in the world! 
Join us in our mission to enable breakthrough innovation for cloud computing in Intel's Cloud Engineering team. We are growing our team and expanding our Hardware Engineering Group, and looking for engineers with a passion for developing complex systems and working with Intel's largest customers. In this role, engineers will design, develop, and help deploy datacenter solutions collaborating directly with large Cloud Service Provider (CSP) customers and Original Design Manufactures (ODMs). 
 
This role will focus on platform development at the hardware level, including aspects of platform architecture, schematic capture and board layout, signal integrity, and power delivery engineering.
 You will be working as part of a team to develop datacenter hardware solutions in conjunction with CSP customers and ODMs. This role will also include providing support to CSP customers on issues encountered in validating and deploying their platforms. 
Behavioral traits: 
Verbal and written communication skills working directly with customers. 
Position to start in Q1-Q2 2021. 
Qualifications 
You must possess minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work/classes/research and/or relevant previous job and/or internship experiences. 
Minimum Requirements 
The candidate must have a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related field. 
Minimum of 3-6+ months experience in: 
Signal Integrity Simulation (Example HSPICE). 
Board Level Design (Example Cadence Allegro/Orcad, Mentor PADs/Xpedition). 
Microprocessor and/or server architecture. 
Preferred qualifications: 
Board/system design, high-speed signaling/interconnects, and/or power/thermal management. 
Schematic capture or Printed Circuit Board (PCB) Layout experience. 
Experience assembling and troubleshooting systems. 
Lab debug skills, including high speed digital oscilloscopes, protocol analyzers, and other test and measurement equipment. 
Internship/co-op experience in a relevant discipline. 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Platforms Engineering and Architecture (DPEA) Group invents, designs & builds the world's most critical computing platforms which fuel Intel's most important business and solve the world's most fundamental problems. DPEA enables that data center which is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel Today original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Cloud Engineer jobs in Hillsboro, OR Jobs at Intel in Hillsboro, OR Cloud Engineer salaries in Hillsboro, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,432 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
