
 
 
 
 Data Scientist Trainer - San Diego, CA 92108 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Trainer Booz Allen Hamilton 2,254 reviews San Diego, CA 92108 Booz Allen Hamilton 2,254 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Challenge: 
Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by machine learning, artificial intelligence advances, and IoT? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors -from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence, you know the answers are in the data. 
We have an opportunity for you to use your leadership and analytical skills to improve the DoD and federal agencies. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll lead data science training and curriculum, mentor teammates, develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, use automation, and apply machine learning to turn disparate data points into objective answers to help our nation’s services and leaders make data-driven decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good in the DoD and federal agencies. 
Empower change with us. 
You Have: 
Experience with executing data science, machine learning, or artificial intelligence principles 
Experience with one or more statistical analytical programming languages, including Python or R 
Experience with providing online or in-person teaching or training 
Experience with identifying analytic insight in data, developing visualizations, presenting findings to stakeholders, and statistical analysis techniques 
Experience with designing and implementing custom machine learning algorithms, graph algorithms, and semantic Web 
Knowledge of object-oriented programming, including Java and C++ 
Ability to build complex extraction, transformation, and loading (ETL) pipelines to clean and fuse data together 
Ability to obtain a security clearance 
BA or BS degree 
Nice If You Have: 
Experience with designing and implementing custom machine learning algorithms 
Experience with developing instructional materials for online or hybrid courses 
Experience with teaching in an online modality 
Experience with graph algorithms and semantic Web 
Experience with designing and setting up relational databases 
Experience with Navy mission systems 
Experience with managing a small team of 3-5 people and the technical delivery of a data science, machine learning, or artificial intelligence project 
Ability to grow into a technical lead of one or more data science projects 
MA or MS degree in Mathematics, CS, or related quantitative field 
Clearance: 
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. 
Build Your Career: 
 At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you’ll have the chance to: 
access online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk 
change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition 
participate in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government 
You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success. 
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change. Booz Allen Hamilton 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at Booz Allen Hamilton in San Diego, CA Data Scientist salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Booz Allen Hamilton Booz Allen Hamilton 2,254 reviews At Booz Allen, we believe that your talents are the gateway to tomorrow. Working at the leading-edge of AI, data science, digital transfo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
