
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Trainer - Part Time - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Trainer - Part Time Structurely 2 reviews Remote Remote Structurely 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description SUMMARY 
 
 
Work remote, part time 
Work on the go, at your convenience 
Flexible scheduling 
Hours available are between 7am - 10pm 
Shifts available Monday - Friday AND Saturday, Sunday 
 
Work part time, on the go, at your convenience. You will work alongside other trainers, and work varying shifts per week. 
 
Enjoy complete flexibility, so long as you have access to the internet (desktop, is preferred, but mobile work from a phone is acceptable after adequate training). 
 
Work tasks include labeling data in a particular way to allow for accurate and timely messages between the Structurely product and consumers looking to buy, sell or rent real estate. 
 
Data labeling is done through a proprietary application developed by Structurely, for which training will be provided. 
 
THE CHALLENGE 
 
Real estate agents, and all salespeople, need new leads to do business. However, once the salesperson gets a lead, 50% of the time that lead isn't followed up with. Ouch. There are over 20,000,000 leads created in real estate  alone,  every year. 
 
Structurely exists to help real estate agents and salespeople respond to those leads at scale by using an artificial intelligence (AI) "assistant." The problem is, this assistant isn't all-knowing...yet.
 In this role, you will guide Structurely into the new frontier of AI. You'll be responsible for managing data sent to our AI assistant by appropriately tagging, labeling and monitoring real estate sales related inquiries. 
 
 THE OPPORTUNITY 
 
You have the opportunity to optimize the way we manage mission-critical data through technology, best practice experience, and process improvements so we can continue to scale while continuing to improve the company's profitability. 
 
This role allows Structurely to optimize our machine learning and AI models using the data you're responsible for. You will work closely with product and machine learning engineers to understand the data at a deep level, where we might be falling short, and recommendations to make improvements. 
 
You will work part time, at your convenience to utilize internal products and tools at Structurely to label, annotate and review real estate related messages from consumers. 
 
THE TEAM 
 
The AI Data Training Team at Structurely is responsible for the utmost quality-assured data. Alongside the AI Engineering Team at Structurely, the AI Data Training Team works in accordance with the procedures and specifications set out by the product and development roadmap. 
 
The data represented in our company and solutions as we grow are guided by developing a streamlined process, the right technology, careful analysis and continual improvement to grow and optimize this extremely important aspect of the company. 
 
WITHIN ONE MONTH, YOU'LL: 
 
 
Attend Closing Camp - Structurely's cross-functional onboarding program all new employees go through to understand the industry and our role in the industry 
Start training and managing data through "Vito"; Vito is your new AI-enabled data training partner. Vito allows Structurely to compare new AI models in real time, using the data you help to train 
Monitor, question, and comment on "Vinny"; Vinny is your new AI-enabled quick response partner. Vinny is on the front line of responding to real consumer inquiries and will require a level of understanding and responsibility you gleaned from Vito 
 
WITHIN THREE MONTHS, YOU'LL: 
 
Have been responsible for nearly 10,000 real estate consumer response inquiries through Vinny 
Identified 10 or more new "intents" or responses that should be added to Structurely's AI product 
 
WITHIN SIX MONTHS, YOU'LL: 
 
Have been responsible for nearly 25,000 real estate consumer response inquiries through Vinny 
Identified 25 or more new "intents" or responses that should be added to Structurely's AI product 
Identified common pitfalls of Structurely's AI models, and areas for improvement for the AI Engineering Team 
 
WITHIN TWELVE MONTHS, YOU'LL: 
 
Have been responsible for over 50,000 real estate consumer response inquiries through Vinny 
Identified 10 or more new "intents" or responses that should be added to Structurely's AI product 
 
THE TECH STACK 
Slack: team communication and application resource tool Structurely leverages for a streamlined data training process 
Zapier: a workflow automation tool that connects over 1,000 apps together to streamline nearly everything 
Excel: a data management tool that Structurely leverages for data analysis, content management and more 
THE SKILLSET 
Prior data entry or data management experience 
Processed customer inquiries in a prompt and professional manner 
Work independently in a fast-paced work environment
 Remain positive and energetic in a work environment that is supportive of continued education and learning
 Receive constructive advice and enjoy feedback
 Have excellent technical knowledge, including excel, Slack, and other communication based messaging applications Structurely 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Trainer jobs in Remote Jobs at Structurely in Remote Trainer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Structurely 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
