
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor - Gainesville, FL 32611 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor University of Florida 1,130 reviews Gainesville, FL 32611 University of Florida 1,130 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Tenure track Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION 
The Herbert Wertheim College of Engineering at the University of Florida (UF) invites applications for a full-time, nine-month tenure track faculty position at the rank of Assistant Professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering (ECE), or the Department of Computer & Information Sciences & Engineering (CISE), or Engineering School for Sustainable Infrastructure and the Environment (ESSIE). Candidates are sought whose research focuses on Artificial Intelligence (AI) in Signal, Image, and/or Video (SIV) processing and who are interested in collaborative research with the Center for Coastal Solutions (CCS), housed within the Herbert Wertheim College of Engineering. The CCS (https://ccs.eng.ufl.edu/) is developing new approaches to monitor and model the risks and impacts of coastal hazards, including but not limited to flooding, sea level rise, harmful algae blooms, invasive species, and pathogen outbreaks. LiDAR, FLIR, multi- and hyper-spectral images, multi-channel underwater acoustic data, and underwater fluorescence and Raman scattering signals are a few examples of data modalities of interest to the CCS. Engineers and scientists interested in multi-modal, multi-spatiotemporal-scale signal, image, and/or video analyses will find a wealth of opportunity for supportive and multi-disciplinary collaboration in this position. 
The University of Florida is the flagship campus of the State of Florida university system and is ranked as the #6 best public US university according to US News and World Report. UF recently announced a $70 million artificial intelligence partnership with NVIDIA to create an AI-centric data center that houses the world's fastest AI supercomputer in higher education. Of particular relevance to this new faculty position, the HWCOE is in the process of creating the programmatic backbone to UF’s efforts to change the future of education and workforce development through university-wide AI training and experiential learning efforts. The Department of ECE in the HWCOE is a vibrant, multidisciplinary highly collaborative environment, consistently ranked among the top departments for both graduate and undergraduate programs. It offers BS, MS and PhD degree programs with an enrollment of about 1200 full-time undergraduate students and 600 graduate students of which about 200 are PhD students. Currently, the ECE Department has 57 tenured/tenure-track faculty which include 17 IEEE fellows, 17 NSF CAREER Award winners, and 7 PECASE winners. The Department’s external research expenditures are at record high, $21M last year using the ASEE definition. The ECE graduate program ranks #17 among public ECE departments (#27 overall) according to U.S. News and World Report. The department leads several university-wide multidisciplinary institutes related to AI and Signal/Image/Video processing including the NSF Center for Big Learning, the Nelms Institute for the Connected World, and the Florida Institute for CyberSecurity (FICS) Research. 
The University of Florida Center for Coastal Solutions is leveraging innovative technologies, applied Artificial Intelligence, workforce training programs, and multi-sector collaboration to enable local communities, the state, and the nation to better track, forecast, mitigate, and prevent coastal hazards, improving the quality of life and economic health of coastal residents (see more at: http://ccs.eng.ufl.edu). In pursuit of this mission, the CCS, established in October 2020 and led by HWCOE faculty, is integrating expertise, resources, and workforce training capabilities drawn from across UF, ranging from the Warrington School of Business to Levin College of Law, College of Design, Construction and Planning, UF|IFAS, and the College of Medicine. The Center is applying an open-source model to developing solutions to the most pressing environmental, economic and public health hazards facing coastal communities, forming extensive and rich partnerships with the public and private sector to drive innovation. 
AI@UF 
JOB QUALIFICATIONS 
The successful candidate is expected to have a doctoral degree in electrical and computer engineering or a related field at the time of hiring. In addition, the candidate should have a record of successful proposal writing, mentoring, and classroom teaching of undergraduate and graduate students. 
INSTRUCTIONS 
The search committee will begin reviewing applications immediately, with the first full committee screening occurring on January 28th, 2021, and will continue to receive applications until the position is filled. All applications must be submitted through Interfolio at: apply.interfolio.com/83424 . (Please see Job Requisition #69558). Complete applications must include the following files in PDF format: (1) cover letter (summary, introduction related to hiring emphasis areas, and any synergies with the Center for Coastal Solutions); (2) a curriculum vitae; (3) a statement describing the applicant’s experience in enhancing diversity, equity and inclusion through research, teaching, or service, and vision for promoting a more inclusive experience at the University of Florida; (4) a research program vision statement detailing short- and long-term goals; (5) a teaching statement describing the applicant’s teaching experience and vision for developing a teaching program at the University of Florida; (6) up to three refereed journal or conference articles (co-)authored by the applicant; and (7) the names, addresses, phone numbers, and email addresses of no less than three and up to five references. To be competitive, candidates for this faculty position should submit a cover letter, research statement, and education vision statement that complement the overall mission of the Center for Coastal Solutions. The cover letter should be addressed to: Dr. Christine Angelini, Search Committee Chair, Director of the Center for Coastal Solutions. 
Final candidate will be required to provide official transcript to the hiring department upon hire. A transcript will not be considered “official” if a designation of “Issued to Student” is visible. Degrees earned from an education institution outside of the United States are required to be evaluated by a professional credentialing service provider approved by National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES), which can be found at http://www.naces.org/. 
The University of Florida is an equal opportunity institution dedicated to building a broadly diverse and inclusive faculty and staff. 
The University of Florida is An Equal Employment Opportunity Institution. If an accommodation due to a disability is needed to apply for this position, please call  352/392-2477  or the Florida Relay System at 800/955-8771 (TDD). Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the US. Searches are conducted in accordance with Florida's Sunshine Law. 
The anticipated start for the position is Fall 2021 with some flexibility for a later start based on individual needs. 
If an accommodation due to a disability is needed to apply for this position, please call 352-392-2477 or the Florida Relay System at 800-955-8771 (TDD). Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the US. Background searches are conducted in accordance with Florida's Sunshine Law. 
The University of Florida is committed to nondiscrimination with respect to race, creed, color, religion, age, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, marital status, national origin, political opinions or affiliations, genetic information, and veteran status in all aspects of employment including recruitment, hiring, promotions, transfers, discipline, terminations, wage and salary administration, benefits, and training. 
#Category=58 #Category=69 #Category=68 #Category=117 
 
OPEN DATE 
Jan 26, 2021 
CLOSE DATE 
Open Until Filled 
LOCATION 
Gainesville, FL 
UNIT 
19050000 - EG-ELECTRICAL / COMPUTER ENG University of Florida 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Gainesville, FL Jobs at University of Florida in Gainesville, FL Assistant Professor salaries in Gainesville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Florida 1,130 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
