
 
 
 
 Sr. Manager, Special Projects / Strategic Finance - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Manager, Special Projects / Strategic Finance Palo Alto Networks 94 reviews Santa Clara, CA Palo Alto Networks 94 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Description 
Our Mission 
At Palo Alto Networks®, everything starts and ends with our mission: 
Being the cybersecurity partner of choice, protecting our digital way of life. 
We have the vision of a world where each day is safer and more secure than the one before. These aren’t easy goals to accomplish — but we’re not here for easy. We’re here for better. We are a company built on the foundation of challenging and disrupting the way things are done, and we’re looking for innovators who are as committed to shaping the future of cybersecurity as we are. 
 
 Job Description 
Your Career 
Palo Alto Networks recently announced it’s Cloud and Artificial Intelligence Security segment (“ClaiSec”), which includes our Prisma Cortex, Cortex, and Security Services speedboats and is designed for continued hypergrowth. To support ClaiSec, we are building out our ClaiSec Finance organization, which includes various Finance teams that partner closely with the three ClaiSec speedboat businesses and Speedboat Finance CFOs as well as the broader Company, on a wide range of topics ranging from Go-to-Market planning, to Product Strategy, to confidential special projects. Concurrently, wearing multiple hats as part Finance P&L owners, part strategic thought-partners, and part operating ninjas for the Business, ClaiSec Finance drives both near-term and long-term impact. 
Palo Alto Networks recently announced it’s Cloud and Artificial Intelligence Security segment (“ClaiSec”), which includes our Prisma Cortex, Cortex, and Security Services speedboats and is designed for continued hypergrowth. To support ClaiSec, we are building out our ClaiSec Finance organization, which includes various Finance teams that partner closely with the three ClaiSec speedboat businesses and Speedboat Finance CFOs as well as the broader Company, on a wide range of topics ranging from Go-to-Market planning, to Product Strategy, to confidential special projects. Concurrently, wearing multiple hats as part Finance P&L owners, part strategic thought-partners, and part operating ninjas for the Business, ClaiSec Finance drives both near-term and long-term impact. 
Specifically, ClaiSec Finance is looking for an experienced finance professional to join the team as a Senior Finance Manager, ClaiSec Strategic Finance / Special Projects. We’re looking for a self-starter with strong analytical skills, an effective communicator, and a leader passionate for driving change in a dynamic fast-paced environment – all-in-one. 
The ideal candidate will be a problem-solver and advisor at heart. We are looking for someone with solid business judgement and experience tackling complex business issues. Identifying a comprehensive framework, gathering evidence and building a lucid narrative are skills critical to success in this role. Flexibility and quick thinking are essential, as you would be expected to build analyses and marshal resources in a dynamic environment to address novel business questions. 
This is a solid foundation for finance leaders with opportunities for career growth and personal development. If you want to be part of a team of trustworthy advisors that is looked upon to make informed and persuasive recommendations to the C-level suite, apply today. 
Your Impact 
Partnering with business owners within Product/R&D, Sales, Marketing, Customer Success, Finance, Operations, and People to deep dive into different parts of the business and map goals back to key metrics 
Developing visibility into resource allocation across products, theaters and functions to align with our corporate goals 
Benchmarking and driving improvements in operational metrics 
Providing necessary leadership on fast-moving, complicated projects and act as the primary point of contact for management 
Gathering and analyzing large amounts of information quickly in order to problem solve and drive decision-making effectively by developing compelling, insightful recommendations 
Change management processes with large cross-functional teams and influence decision-making 
 
 Qualifications 
Your Experience 
Bachelor degree in Economics/Finance, MBA or equivalent-experience preferred 
7+ or more years related experience showing strong career progression 
Investment banking/management consulting/private equity experience strongly preferred 
Excellent analytical and financial modeling skills, with understanding of software/SaaS, appliances and/or internet industry business models 
Capable of seamlessly moving from the big picture to the details and back 
Strong team player with effective communication skills and high EQ with proven effectiveness in influencing and building alignment with senior management 
Comfortable working with high level guidance and independently building working action plan 
Experience with and/or a willingness to master various financial systems, including SAP, BPC, Tableau, and other BI tools 
Possess intellectual curiosity and willingness and ability to adapt to the rapid business and organizational demands that result from a high-growth environment 
Additional Information 
The Team 
 
You’re looking for career with a more fulfilling mission. We have open positions to top talent seeking a challenge. Our finance department performs deep analyses to understand the business and inform the strategic direction of the company. The ideal candidate has exceptional leadership skills, knowledge of financial modeling, business acumen and an innovative mindset to approach problems differently. Our innovation doesn’t stay in Research and Development. Within finance, we seek people who are looking to try new things, while solving business critical equations. If you’re seeking a challenge with a world-wide impact – this is it. 
Our Commitment 
We’re trailblazers who dream big, take risks, and challenge cybersecurity’s status quo. It’s simple: We can’t accomplish our mission without diverse teams innovating, together. 
We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for all qualified individuals with disabilities. If you require assistance or accommodation due to a disability or special need, please contact us at accommodations@paloaltonetworks.com. 
Palo Alto Networks is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity in our workplace, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected 
#CT1 Palo Alto Networks 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Strategic Project Manager jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at Palo Alto Networks in Santa Clara, CA Strategic Project Manager salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Palo Alto Networks Palo Alto Networks 94 reviews We are the global cybersecurity leader, known for always challenging the security status quo. Our mission is to protect our way of life i... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
