
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer (Remote - Home Based Worker) - Irving, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer (Remote - Home Based Worker) Allstate 8,166 reviews Irving, TX Remote Allstate 8,166 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $81,900 a year Full Job Description The world isn’t standing still, and neither is Allstate. We’re moving quickly, looking across our businesses and brands and taking bold steps to better serve customers’ evolving needs. That’s why now is an exciting time to join our team. As a leader in a corporation with 83,000 employees and agency force members, you’ll have a hand in transforming not only Allstate but a dynamic industry. You’ll have opportunities to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good. 
You’ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards – a place where values such as integrity, inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount. We empower every employee to lead, drive change and give back where they work and live. Our people are our greatest strength, and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities. 
Everything we do at Allstate is driven by a shared purpose: to protect people from life’s uncertainties so they can realize their hopes and dreams. For 89 years we’ve thrived by staying a step ahead of whatever’s coming next – to give customers peace of mind no matter what changes they face. We acted with conviction to advocate for seat belts, air bags and graduated driving laws. We help give survivors of domestic violence a voice through financial empowerment. We’ve been an industry leader in pricing sophistication, telematics, digital photo claims and, more recently, device and identity protection. We are the Good Hands. We don’t follow the trends. We set them. 
Job Summmary 
 Claims Technical Services is dedicated to creating a new type of claim handling platform. By leveraging cutting-edge technologies, innovative product design and true integration of artificial intelligence, we will revolutionize what is means to be a Claims organization. Our goal is to create a truly transformational customer experience, while also enabling significant opportunities for operational efficiencies.
 Become a part of our story.
 At Claims Technical Services, you’ll find a collaborative and dynamic team focused on exploring new capabilities and pushing the boundaries of what is possible. The team works in a continuously innovating cycle of ideas, research, testing, analysis, and delivery. Plus, with continuous growth and development opportunities, you will not only transform Allstate’s tech products, you will have the chance to develop yourself with programs that include Pluralsight and LinkedIn Learning courses. 
And that’s not all – here at Allstate, we believe in an inclusive workplace that encourages employees to bring unique perspectives and experiences to the table to collaboratively solve problems to elevate our customer experience. 
 So, if you’re ready to bring your best tech solutions to life – we’re looking for a Machine Learning Engineer who is ready to take risks and think outside the box as we look to transform the way the insurance industry operates. 
The Role 
 As a talented Machine Learning Engineer, you love the challenge of solving business problems by using the latest techniques and tools to bring models to life that bring business value. You have experience as a Machine Learning Engineer and are fulfilled by teaching and guiding others. You can learn and adapt quickly and are able to use every tool at your disposal—software, algorithms, statistical models, and beyond—to understand and effectively tackle hard problems. You think about modeling in the context of implementation and runtime considerations. You appreciate the difference between explaining and fitting statistical models, the importance of good metrics, and the tradeoff between exploration and exploitation. You can perceive common structure between superficially seemingly unrelated problems, and can use this to build tools, algorithms, and models with super linear value. 
You’re also an individual who…. 
Key Responsibilities 
 Develops and adapts best practices to design and build complex machine learning systems 
Desires to contribute concretely to design sessions, analytical discussions, and retrospectives. 
Designs and prototypes complex machine learning systems 
Contributes to the realization of major machine learning technical capabilities in the industry by being responsible for the identification, research and software implementation of these capabilities 
Is knowledgeable in Google AI, Azure Cognitive Services, AWS Machine Learning (hands-on experience is a plus) 
Has proven experience implementing and supporting AI capabilities at scale in a production environment 
With technical support, leads a technical team to implement machine learning solutions 
Advises and guides Jr. level team members when developing solutions 
Reaches out to support and collaborate with other technology functional teams to build the solution 
Would serve as a thought leader within the team and within the larger product space 
Works collaboratively with other team members in pursuit of a common goal and execution of shared strategy 
Job Qualifications 
 BS degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Data Analytics or Data Science major is preferred 
4 years+ of machine learning/artificial intelligence software engineering experience 
Both front and backend technical experience with cognitive business applications 
Instinctive knowledge of how people will want to use a product, service, or solution that solves a real-world business problem 
Hands-on experience with various supervised and unsupervised machine-learning techniques 
Hands-on experience with various deep machine-learning techniques 
Hands-on experience in at least one of the following areas: natural language processing or ontology engineering technologies 
Ability to develop and adapt standard machine learning methods and best practice 
Proficient with Python and Python libraries related to machine learning (pandas, numpy, etc.) 
Able to write robust Python code outside of Jupyter Notebooks 
Compensation Data 
 The minimum salary for this position is $81,900. The salary offered will be commensurate with experience. 
The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. 
Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. 
 As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. 
Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. 
Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. 
Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. 
For jobs in San Francisco, please click “here” for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. 
For jobs in Los Angeles, please click “here” for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. 
To view the “EEO is the Law” poster click “here”. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs 
To view the FMLA poster, click “here”. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint. 
It is the Company’s policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee’s ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race (include traits historically associated with race, including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment. Allstate 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Irving, TX Jobs at Allstate in Irving, TX Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Irving, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Allstate Allstate 8,166 reviews Corporate Careers

Allstate believes that loving your job is an important step in living a good life. That’s why creating a unique and ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
