
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Architect - Vista, CA 92081 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Architect Leica Biosystems 79 reviews Vista, CA 92081 Leica Biosystems 79 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description As an Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Architect, you will be responsible for designing, evaluating, proposing, AI, ML, and integration architectures to bring new AI products to market. To achieve our AI ambitions, you will interface with AI Lab scientists, development team, R&D, external AI product partners, product marketing, and customer pathologists as we augment our scanning and imaging platform with new AI and ML product capabilities.
 
At LBS, we believe “the best team wins”. You will add a valued voice to a high-touch technical execution team recognized by the organization as leading the charge in catalyzing the industry’s rapid migration to digital pathology.
 
Major Responsibilities
 Design, propose, agree, and enforce reference architecture for AI development and integration.
 Mentor and guide Development Team on tradeoffs between different architectural choices.
 Maintain current on emerging AI, ML, DL, development approaches and best practices against an evolving regulatory framework for SaMD.
 Lead technical discussions with AI partners and internal R&D on how to extend our imaging platform to integrate partner and internal AI solutions into our viewer, customer LIS, and customer PACS.
 Develop and form a strong opinion around AWS modularization choices, including storage optimization and AI/ML pipelines,
 
 Required Education, Experience, Skills: 
Strong desire to do meaningful work in the world and chunk on challenging problems
 Master’s degree in a science/technology related discipline (PhD. Preferred)
 Healthcare industry experience in Diagnostics, Medical Device, or Pharmaceuticals
 5+ years AI, ML, DL, or computer vision
 10+ years in an Agile software development/architecture
 3+ years working with storage and AI pipelines on AWS or GCP
 Strong Interpersonal skills with the ability to explain, educate, and hold the line around AI development discipline and best practices
 
 Candidate Interview Success looks like: 
Be prepared to talk about your specific projects, what problem you were solving, why was it important to your organization, how did the outcome compare with the objective?
 Able to demonstrate a concrete example of the journey from AI product concept to development complete especially with regards to architectural choices and decisions and their concomitant impact of time to market and customer experience.
 
 Travel: 
10%
 
 Language: 
English fluency required. Bonus points for additional languages (esp. German, Mandarin) Danaher 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Vista, CA Jobs at Leica Biosystems in Vista, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Vista, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Leica Biosystems Leica Biosystems 79 reviews Leica Biosystems (founded 1989) is a biotechnology company that develops and supplies clinical diagnostics to the pathology market.  It i... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
