
 
 
 
 Technical Program Manager, Machine Learning - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Program Manager, Machine Learning Google 3,871 reviews Mountain View, CA Google 3,871 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience. 
 Experience in Program Management on technical cross-functional projects. 
 Experience in Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence. 
 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Master’s, PhD degree, or equivalent experience in Engineering, Computer Science, or other technical related field. 
 Experience with one or more of the following: automation, deep learning, speech recognition, TensorFlow. 
 Experience managing execution and high quality product delivery. 
 Ability to exercise technical judgment in solving software engineering challenges. 
 Ability to be an influential member of a highly integrated team composed of both technical and non-technical members. 
 About the job 
By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following product areas based on role availability: Google Cloud, Geo, Global Affairs, Research, or Trust and Safety. Google builds products that help create opportunities for everyone, whether they’re down the street or across the globe.
 As a Technical Program Manager focused on machine learning, you’ll use your expertise to drive innovation that enables Google’s products to see, hear, and understand our users like never before. In this role, you’ll plan requirements, identify risks, manage schedules, and communicate clearly with project stakeholders. And, thanks to Google’s industry leading benefits and ample opportunities for personal and professional development, you’ll learn and grow alongside talented teammates who share your attention to detail and appetite for problem-solving. Candidates of all experience levels are encouraged to apply. We'll consider your experience to best match you with open roles. 
Responsibilities 
 Manage technology programs, defining milestones and success criteria, resource allocation and successful on-time delivery.
 Understand Machine Learning technologies and their applications used at Google and beyond. 
 Exercise technical judgment in working with large, cross-functional teams. 
 Develop tools and processes to improve software engineering productivity.
 Communicate schedules, priorities, and status to all levels in the company.
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Program Manager jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Google in Mountain View, CA Technical Program Manager salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,871 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
