
 
 
 
 SENIOR ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE ENGINEER - Cedar Rapids, IA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SENIOR ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE ENGINEER Collins Aerospace 2,936 reviews Cedar Rapids, IA Remote Collins Aerospace 2,936 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Date Posted: 
2021-03-29-07:00 
Country: 
United States of America 
Location: 
HIA32: Cedar Rapids, IA 400 Collins Rd NE , Cedar Rapids, IA, 52498-0505 USA 
This senior technical leader is responsible for delivering production applications that utilize machine learning and artificial intelligence models for the enterprise. Solutions may include prediction, computer vision and natural language processing capabilities, primarily using deep learning methods. This role partners with other AI Team members responsible for AI data engineering, AI pipelines, AI production support, and AI interactions to deliver solutions. 
This individual will ideally sit at our Collins location in Cedar Rapids. However, we are open to this person sitting at other Collins Aerospace domestic locations or remote. 
Primary Responsibilities:" 
Translates business problems into technical solutions using machine learning and artificial intelligence. 
Engineers end-to-end AI pipelines, completing software engineering design and execution. 
Develops and deploys models into a production environment. 
Serves as project Technical Leader, ensuring the design and deployment of ML/AI solutions enables the identified business requirements, aligns with process, procedures, and guidelines. 
Develops new or augmented external product offerings using data. 
Provides thought leadership by defining processes and best practices while conducting innovative experiments. 
Conducts research on best-in-class algorithms and AI design.
 Basic Qualifications: 
This position requires a Bachelor’s degree in the appropriate discipline and 5 years of relevant experience or an Advanced degree in the appropriate discipline and 3 years of relevant experience.In the absence of a degree, 9 years of relevant experience is required 
Must be a U.S. Citizen 
Must have or be capable of obtaining a US Department of Defense (DoD) security clearance. Candidate selected will be subject to a government security investigation/reinstatement and must meet eligibility requirements
 Must be willing and able to travel 5%-10% of the time 
Strong collaboration, problem solving, communication skills and drive to learn 
Fluency in software architecture, system design, software engineering 
Proficiency in Python programming, debugging and code optimization 
Experience with developing machine learning systems 
Preferred  Qualifications: 
Degree in business-related or quantitative fields (Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Information Systems) or equivalent experience in technical field. Advanced degrees preferred. 
Experience on deep learning systems preferred. 
Experience with TensorFlow preferred. 
Collins Aerospace, a Raytheon Technologies company, is a leader in technologically advanced and intelligent solutions for the global aerospace and defense industry. Collins Aerospace has the capabilities, comprehensive portfolio and expertise to solve customers’ toughest challenges and to meet the demands of a rapidly evolving global market. 
Do you want to be part of a new, exciting initiative to combine foundational IT with new digital technologies? Our Digital Technology team is driving business efficiencies and a better customer experience by connecting technologies, people, information and processes. From making aircraft more electric, intelligent and integrated to building new software platforms such as Internet of Things, big data, artificial intelligence, and blockchain, there’s no better place to be right now than in digital. If you’re an agile thinker who enjoys utilizing modern technology to make big improvements, then you’re a perfect fit for this team. Join Collins Aerospace to help us revolutionize the aerospace industry today! 
Collins Aerospace Diversity & Inclusion Statement: 
Diversity drives innovation; inclusion drives success . We believe a multitude of approaches and ideas enable us to deliver the best results for our workforce, workplace, and customers. We are committed to fostering a culture where all employees can share their passions and ideas so we can tackle the toughest challenges in our industry and pave new paths to limitless possibility. 
WE ARE REDEFINING AEROSPACE. 
Some of our competitive benefits package includes:
 Medical, dental, and vision insurance 
Three weeks of vacation for newly hired employees 
Generous 401(k) plan that includes employer matching funds and separate employer retirement contribution, including a Lifetime Income Strategy option 
Tuition reimbursement 
Life insurance and disability coverage 
Optional coverages you can buy: Pet Insurance, Home and Auto, additional life insurance, accident insurance, critical illness insurance, group legal 
Ovia Health, fertility and family planning 
Employee Assistance Plan, including up to 5 free counseling sessions 
Redbrick - Incentives for a Healthy You 
Autism Benefit 
Doctor on Demand, virtual doctor visits 
Adoption Assistance 
Best Doctors, second opinion program 
 And more! 
Nothing matters more to Collins Aerospace than our strong ethical and safety commitments. As such, all U.S. positions require a background check, which may include a drug screen. 
Note: 
Background check and drug screen required (every external new hire in the U.S.) 
Drug Screen only performed on re-hires who have been gone for more than 1 year 
At Collins, the paths we pave together lead to limitless possibility. And the bonds we form – with our customers and with each other - propel us all higher, again and again.
 Apply now and be part of the team that’s redefining aerospace, every day. 
Raytheon Technologies is An Equal  Opportunity/Affirmative  Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. 
Privacy Policy and Terms: 
Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms Collins Aerospace 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Engineer jobs in Cedar Rapids, IA Jobs at Collins Aerospace in Cedar Rapids, IA Senior Engineer salaries in Cedar Rapids, IA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Collins Aerospace Collins Aerospace 2,936 reviews From the smallest details to the highest pursuits, Collins Aerospace is dedicated to redefining aerospace. 

With our customers, we rel... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
