
 
 
 
 Systems Module Architect - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Systems Module Architect Micron 1,039 reviews San Jose, CA Micron 1,039 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Micron’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.  Join an inclusive team focused on one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can spark the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Req. ID: 292681 
Responsibilities and Tasks include the following, but not limited to: 
Owning the development of a new memory & emerging memory modules. 
Lead a cross Micron team in the development of all elements of the aforementioned module solutions. 
Lead the interaction with the business teams and end customers for the responsible products. 
Qualifications: 
10+ years of shown experience leading system architecture and medium sized technical teams. 
BS/MS/PhD in Electrical Engineering, Microelectronics, Computer Science or related field 
Knowledge of PCIe, Server Platforms (BIOS, ACPI, RAS) 
Knowledge of memory controllers 
Knowledge of ASIC development and system simulation 
Knowledge of systems performance analysis to craft strategy and products 
Working level expertise in Cloud Systems and qualification process 
Ability to provide leadership in technical areas outside immediate background, such as: 
System Security Architecture 
Hardware to Firmware Interfaces 
System Management Architecture (In Band, Out of Band) 
Media Management Architecture 
Power and Thermal Management 
Debug DFT/DFX Architectures 
Software Architecture in the Linux and Windows environments. 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
Micron prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and other international and industry labor standards. 
Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron. 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Keywords: San Jose || California (US-CA) || United States (US) || Technology Development || Experienced || Regular || Engineering || #LI-LP1 || Tier 5 || Micron 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Micron in San Jose, CA Software Architect salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Micron 1,039 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
