
 
 
 
 Research Scientist, Extreme Vehicle Dynamics Control - Los Altos, CA 94022 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist, Extreme Vehicle Dynamics Control Toyota Research Institute 5 reviews Los Altos, CA 94022 Toyota Research Institute 5 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At Toyota Research Institute (TRI), we’re working to build a future where everyone has the freedom to move, engage, and explore with a focus on reducing vehicle collisions, injuries, and fatalities. Join us in our mission to improve the quality of human life through advances in artificial intelligence, automated driving, robotics, and materials science. We’re dedicated to building a world of “mobility for all” where everyone, regardless of age or ability, can live in harmony with technology to enjoy a better life. Through innovations in AI, we’ll… 
Develop vehicles incapable of causing a crash, regardless of the actions of the driver. Develop technology for vehicles and robots to help people enjoy new levels of independence, access, and mobility. Bring advanced mobility technology to market faster. Discover new materials that will make batteries and hydrogen fuel cells smaller, lighter, less expensive, and more powerful. 
Our work is guided by a dedication to safety – in how we research, develop, and validate the performance of vehicle technology to benefit society. As a subsidiary of Toyota, TRI is fueled by a diverse and inclusive community of people who carry invaluable leadership, experience, and ideas from industry-leading companies. Over half of our technical team carries Ph.D. degrees. We’re continually searching for the world’s best talent ‒ people who are ready to define the new world of mobility with us! 
We strive to build a company that helps our people thrive, achieve work-life balance, and bring their best selves to work. At TRI, you will have the opportunity to enjoy the best of both worlds ‒ a fun start-up environment with brilliant people who enjoy solving tough problems and the financial backing to successfully achieve our goals. Come work with TRI if you’re interested in transforming mobility through designing safer cars, enabling the elderly to age in place, or designing alternative fuel sources. Start your impossible with us. 
TRI’s Extreme Vehicle Dynamics Control team is developing algorithms and vehicle platforms to enable control of the vehicle in extreme maneuvers. These maneuvers include traction-limited events, drifting, and other challenging driving scenarios. Our technology is inspired by expert driver performance and has a strong focus on augmenting regular drivers. The ability to control the vehicle in these regimes is critical to Toyota’s strategy of developing safe Chauffeur and Guardian technologies that can handle any scenario. We are looking for great research scientists who are passionate about understanding and implementing driver-centric advanced controls to save millions of lives. 
 Responsibilities: 
Collaborate with university partners and engineers in Japan to develop, integrate and test advanced shared/blended control algorithms on new vehicle platforms. 
Investigate and implement control algorithms that incorporate different shared actuator modalities with the driver including steering, brake, throttle, and clutch 
Collaborate with HMI and Hardware teams to help design, build and integrate shared control hardware and the appropriate HMI
 Collaborate with the HMI team to use data-driven methods to test the efficacy of shared control approaches including helping design and analyze user studies 
Work seamlessly across both software and hardware to deliver features. 
Enjoy traveling to and performing on-vehicle integration and testing at various proving grounds from race tracks to OEM test courses. 
 Qualifications: 
MS/Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering/Computer Science or equivalent 
Strong communication skills. Team player. 
Strong MATLAB/Simulink/C++ software development skills. 
Strong knowledge of human-in-the-loop control theory 
Experience with hardware testing and integration is a plus 
Please reference this Candidate Privacy Notice to inform you of the categories of personal information that we collect from individuals who inquire about and/or apply to work for Toyota Research Institute, Inc. or its subsidiaries, including Toyota A.I. Ventures GP, L.P., and the purposes for which we use such personal information. Toyota Research Institute 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Los Altos, CA Jobs at Toyota Research Institute in Los Altos, CA Research Scientist salaries in Los Altos, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Toyota Research Institute 5 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
