
 
 
 
 Computer Scientist AI ML -JR-MID - Cape Canaveral, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Computer Scientist AI ML -JR-MID Zel Technologies Cape Canaveral, FL Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Summary : 
Zel Tech, LLC. is seeking an experienced professional with knowledge in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence, specifically experience in the sub-fields of natural language processing (NLP), predictive analysis, and computer vision. Experience with data analysis and deep learning are both highly desirable. 
The position will require the candidate to utilize their wide understanding of machine learning and artificial intelligence concepts for a broad range of applications, both interdisciplinary and purely within computer science. Knowledge of algorithms for computer vision and natural language processing and with experience learning new techniques and tools is required. Familiarity with popular natural language processing libraries such as NLTK, Spacy, or PyTorch-NLP is required. Familiarity with popular computer vision libraries such as OpenCV, TensorFlow, or PyTorch-CV is also required. Familiarity with deep learning architectures using standard frameworks such as TensorFlow, Caffe, or Keras is preferred. 
Essential Job Functions: 
Strong communicator with demonstrated ability to address customer needs in a dynamic environment. 
Strong analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills. 
Strong desire to investigate and apply new technologies. 
Knowledge/Skills/Abilities: 
Experience in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and data science practices. 
Prior experience with neural network design and implementation, computer vision, natural language processing, pattern recognition, and digital image processing. 
Experience with data preparation/pre-processing/cleansing. 
Experience with machine learning and artificial intelligence. Experience with deep learning models preferred. 
Experience with machine learning toolkits such as TensorFlow, Scikit-learn, PyTorch. 
Experience with Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques such as word segmentation and document similarity. 
Experience utilizing toolkits such as Theano or Keras preferred. 
Strong experience with Python. Additionally, strong experience with Java or C/C++ also desired. 
Education: 
B.S. in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or related degree plus 1-5 years direct experience in ML/AI computer science field. 
Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer "This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60741.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities." Zel Technologies 30+ days ago original job Report job Computer Scientist jobs in Cape Canaveral, FL Jobs at Zel Technologies in Cape Canaveral, FL Computer Scientist salaries in Cape Canaveral, FL Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
