
 
 
 
 Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence - New Graduate - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence - New Graduate ManTech International Corporation 1,593 reviews Remote Remote ManTech International Corporation 1,593 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
 Due to the ongoing pandemic, the health and safety of our employees and their families remains our highest priority. Most of (if not all) our new graduate associate-level positions will start remote. 
 
 Job Description:
 Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
 Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence Associate to join our team. Locations vary depending on business needs.
 Responsibilities include, but are not limited to  :
 Responsible for collecting, analyzing, interpreting, and leveraging extremely large structured and unstructured datasets to develop, operationalize, and apply analytical techniques, methods, tools, applications, and models that drive optimized decision making and solve complex business, public policy, national and homeland security problems and challenges.
 Basic Qualifications:
 Bachelor’s Degree in in Engineering, Computer Engineering, Statistics, Data Science/Analytics, Quantum Computing, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence or related major
 Prior professional experience related to machine learning/artificial intelligence
 Work and collaborate within an agile team
 Strong written and verbal communication skills
 Preferred Qualifications  :
 A passion for machine learning/artificial intelligence
 Experience with Windows or Linux programming a plus
 Programming experience with: C, C++, Python and X86 Assembly Language
 Certified Analytics Professional (CAP) preferred
  Clearance Requirements:
 Individuals must be a U.S. Citizen and either hold an active US Security Clearance or must be eligible to obtain a US Security Clearance.
 Applicants with the appropriate skills but without a security clearance are still encouraged to apply.
 Physical Requirements:
 Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50%
 For all positions requiring access to technology/software source code that is subject to export control laws, employment with the company is contingent on either verifying U.S.-person status or obtaining any necessary license. The applicant will be required to answer certain questions for export control purposes, and that information will be reviewed by compliance personnel to ensure compliance with federal law. ManTech may choose not to apply for a license for such individuals whose access to export-controlled technology or software source code may require authorization and may decline to proceed with an applicant on that basis alone.
 ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at  (703) 218-6000 . ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
 If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information. ManTech International Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Remote Jobs at ManTech International Corporation in Remote Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from ManTech International Corporation ManTech International Corporation 1,593 reviews ManTech is more than a technology company. We are a company dedicated to service, and we consider our work a part of the public trust. Th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
