
 
 
 
 Sr Experience Designer, Adobe Sign - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr Experience Designer, Adobe Sign Adobe 698 reviews San Francisco, CA Adobe 698 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Our Company
 
 
Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.
 
 
We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours! 
 
 The Opportunity
 Adobe Design is seeking a Senior Experience Designer to join our Document Cloud design team to build next-generation experiences for Adobe Sign using powerful advancements in artificial intelligence and machine learning. 
 
 We are looking for a curious, articulate, and future-oriented designer to push the boundaries of design, technology, and user experience. Someone who is enthusiastic about the application of AI/ML to help people read and comprehend better, and businesses streamline workflows and unlock content to make better decisions. This is an opportunity to help craft the future of documents and agreements.
 What you'll Do
 Work with a multidisciplinary team to conceptualize and craft solutions to bring AI/ML powered experiences that delight and inspire users
 Keep up with the constantly evolving field of design for AI/ML, consistently bringing new ideas to the team.
 Have meaningful ownership. You’ll make important decisions about how the product looks, feels, and behaves.
 Lead the end-to-end product development process, partnering closely with cross-functional teams, such as product and engineering, to ship quality experiences on time.
 Define design strategy and craft visions for products and experiences.
 Be an advocate for the user. Use customer feedback and data analytics to focus on key problems to tackle for users.
 What you need to succeed
 At least 5 years of experience in product/UX design with a proven track record of great designs and strategy that meet user needs, product requirements, and business objectives.
 Ability to grasp the essence of complex design problems and translate them to practical design solutions.
 Ability to proficiently facilitate brainstorming sessions, cultivate the creative thinking process, build compelling presentation decks or videos, and present inspiring concept pitches.
 Excellent interpersonal, written and verbal communication, and storytelling skills.
 Desire to challenge yourself, learn new skills, and share knowledge.
 College degree in HCI or design related field, with an emphasis on user experience, interaction design, or visual design. 
 
 How to Apply
 
 
To be considered for this role please submit a resume and portfolio with examples of process and evolution of work.
 About Adobe Design
 Adobe Design creates tools that amplify the world’s ability to create and communicate. We’re a distributed team of designers, researchers, prototypers , content strategists, program managers, and more who work across Adobe’s three product lines: Creative Cloud, Document Cloud, and Experience Cloud. Adobe 29 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Designer jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Adobe in San Francisco, CA Senior Designer salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Adobe Adobe 698 reviews Adobe is the global leader in digital media and digital marketing solutions. Our creative, marketing and document solutions empower every... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
