
 
 
 
 Sr Manager/Director of IT - Edina, MN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr Manager/Director of IT VIDA Diagnostics Edina, MN COMPANY OVERVIEW 
 VIDA is a growing company with BIG focus. Our amazing team is focused on transforming pulmonary care through a combination of AI-powered analysis and image analysis services. We are on the leading edge of artificial/augmented intelligence (AI) in medical imaging, with a focus on computed tomography, and are working with the industry’s biggest players. We are fighting to provide greater precision and personalization across a range of lung diseases from emphysema and airway obstructive diseases (COPD)—to asthma, interstitial lung disease, and lung cancer. While we are a small company, our benefits reflect those of a larger company. We love and are very passionate about the work we do and want to add to our VIDA team! 
 Title:  Sr Manager / Director of IT 
 Dept:  IT 
 Location:  Edina, MN or Coralville, IA 
 POSITION SUMMARY 
 VIDA, a lung and respiratory intelligence company, is scaling quickly to meet the continued rising needs in the healthcare industry from trials to treatment. We are looking for a Director of IT to join our team to lead the design, implementation and maintenance of technology applications, resources and personnel to enable the advancement of business initiatives across the organization. 
 The Director of IT will collaborate with colleagues to identify, plan, coordinate, manage and communicate high-impact, cross-functional technology initiatives that will improve metrics and decision-making, accelerate throughput, improve quality and enable scalability at VIDA. 
 ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS 
 Provide senior level advice into Information Technology strategic planning 
 Establish and maintain a technology enterprise roadmap with a focus on reducing overall complexity, increasing agility and adhering to cost effective resource management. 
 Plan business growth objectives, in partnership with department heads, and align information technology with business needs in support of the strategic plan. 
 Define and manage key projects across the organization, especially those key projects or process improvements that streamline and improve cross-functional business execution. 
 Serves as the company’s knowledge base of modern information technology applications and centralized resource for professional project management capabilities. 
 Direct and oversee the development and management of the overall information architecture that defines enterprise systems, technology applications and data and information management processes and how each component works together to meet the goals of the organization. 
 Lead Internal IT Services – providing general network and hardware services, user Help desk, internal and remote system support, and all other aspects of data security and network operations. 
 Manage roles in support of business enablement initiatives such as an analysts, project resources, or other internal IT staff as well as all external vendors & third-party services. 
 Provide overall IT governance and develop and oversee adherence to policies and procedures. 
 POSITION REQUIREMENTS 
 The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge skills and abilities required. Employees who do not possess the requirements for a job at the time of hire will not be considered for the position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
 Skills And Experience 
 Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in information management, computer science, computer systems engineering, or a related field. 
 10+ years of Information Technology experience 
 5+ years experience previous management of an IT team. 
 Ability to communicate technical information to a on-technical audience in a clear and coherent manner. 
 Broad understanding of hardware and software installation and troubleshooting in a desktop computing environment 
 Proven ability to implement strategies which deliver business benefit and measurable, actionable results. 
 Experience with IT Service Desk technologies and platforms 
 Advanced knowledge of ITIL frameworks for service delivery and service support processes 
 Ability to create new ways of solving problems, improving efficiencies and implementing value-driven technical and service solutions. 
 EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS 
 BA/BS Required 
 Language Requirements: 
 The primary language of VIDA Diagnostics is English. 
 SUPERVISON REQUIREMENTS 
This position reports to: Chief Technology Officer 
This position supervises: None VIDA Diagnostics 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Information Technology jobs in Edina, MN Jobs at VIDA Diagnostics in Edina, MN Director of Information Technology salaries in Edina, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from VIDA Diagnostics VIDA is a growing company with BIG focus. Our amazing team is focused on transforming pulmonary care through a combination of AI-powered ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
