
 
 
 
 Senior Automotive Visualization Developer - Boulder, CO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Automotive Visualization Developer NVIDIA 237 reviews Boulder, CO NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA has been transforming computer graphics, PC gaming, and accelerated computing for more than 25 years. It’s a unique legacy of innovation that’s fueled by great technology—and amazing people. Today, we’re tapping into the unlimited potential of AI to define the next era of computing. An era in which our GPU acts as the brains of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can understand the world. Doing what’s never been done before takes vision, innovation, and the world’s best talent. As an NVIDIAN, you’ll be immersed in a diverse, supportive environment where everyone is inspired to do their best work. Come join the team and see how you can make a lasting impact on the world.
 NVIDIA is looking for a senior software engineer to design, develop, and improve its visualization tools and technologies for the Autonomous Driving Software Group. The DRIVE UX team work with various groups within NVIDIA such as Graphics Processors, Mobile Processors, Deep Learning, and Artificial Intelligence to bring the best user interfaces and data visualization for both developers and automotive customers. Come join us and make a difference!
 What You'll be doing
 Architect, design, and write software with minimal mentorship.
 Work closely with the rest of the team to ensure that tasks are designed and completed in an efficient fashion.
 Review code, write design documents, outline use-cases, and develop test-plans.
 Work on challenging problems in areas of streaming video and data, API development, graphics drivers, embedded device optimization, and distributed system deployment.
 Optimize and harden the full stack of existing code ranging from graphics libraries up to user-level applications.
 Have fun solving challenges side-by-side with a top talent team.
 What we need to see:
 BS/MS in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or an equivalent experience
 5+ years of relevant experience.
 Strong object-oriented and template programming background, with C++ strongly preferred.
 Must have experience with rendering engines—both low-level immediate mode and high-level scene graph—and managing resources such as memory, CPU, and GPU.
 As our team works with people around the world we require candidates who communicate excellently, both in writing and speaking.
 You will be developing and debugging multi-process applications and systems, on Windows and Linux desktop environments, as well as embedded systems.
 For senior developers we expect to see experience with CI/CD systems, a familiarity with containers, and a professional demeanor.
 We value our multifaceted team, and are always looking for candidates who bring extra talent in related areas. Have you worked on computer algorithms and can demonstrate the ability to choose the best possible to nail tricky problems? How about a background in design, implementation and deployment of real-time UI/UX/AR/VR graphics systems? Or perhaps you have experience with CUDA, OpenGL, and Vulkan. Let us know what you are capable of!
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 #deeplearning NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Developer jobs in Boulder, CO Jobs at NVIDIA in Boulder, CO Senior Developer salaries in Boulder, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
