
 
 
 
 Customer Service Rep - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer Service Rep Nauto Remote Remote About Nauto 
 
NautoⓇ is the only real-time AI-powered, Driver Behavior Learning Platform to predict, actively prevent, and reduce high-risk events in the mobility ecosystem. By analyzing billions of data points from over 400 million AI-processed video miles, Nauto’s machine learning algorithms continuously improve and impact driver behavior before events happen, not after. Nauto has enabled the largest commercial fleets in the world to avoid more than 25,000 collisions, resulting in nearly $100 million in savings. 
 
Nauto is located in North America, Japan, and Europe. Nauto is backed by SoftBank Vision FundGroup Corp., Greylock Partners, BMW iVentures, General Motors Ventures, Toyota AI Ventures, Allianz Group, Playground Global and DNX Ventures. 
 
Responsibilities 
 
 Manage inbound customer inquiries via phone, email channels and mobile applications 
 Drive resolution of inbound Tier 1 tickets and, escalation of Tier 2 and 3 issues 
 Assist Installers urgently with any device installation questions 
 Maximize customer satisfaction through accurate and timely resolution, meeting or exceeding stated SLAs 
 Proactively suggest and document customer support process improvements 
 Promptly report bugs to Product and Engineering teams for immediate prioritization 
 Author articles for our customer Knowledge Base 
 Search customer and case history to make informed decisions about how best to address account issues. 
 
 Experiences and Skills 
 
 Excellent problem-solving skills with ability to creatively provide solutions 
 Knowledge of computer technology 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
 Resourceful, detail oriented and highly organized 
 Self-motivated to provide best in class customer experience 
 Experience with Zendesk, JIRA, Salesforce, Netsuite and Kibana is a plus 
 Knowledge of vehicle/fleet management is a plus 
 Perks 
 Ground floor opportunity with the team; shape the strategic direction of the company 
 Exceptional health benefits coverage. 
 Opportunities to get to know your team better through frequent employee events and gatherings 
 Learning and development opportunities from a highly diverse and talented peer group, including experts in a wide range of fields, from Artificial Intelligence & Computer Vision to Systems & Device Engineering to Support & Operations 
 
 Come revolutionize transportation safety and do your best work here at Nauto! 
 
Nauto is committed to being a diverse and inclusive environment that fosters learning from each other. We celebrate people of diverse backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to providing a work environment free of harassment and discrimination. 
 
To all recruitment agencies: Nauto does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Nauto employees or any other company location. Nauto is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Nauto 18 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Service Representative jobs in Remote Jobs at Nauto in Remote Customer Service Representative salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nauto Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
