
 
 
 
 Graphic Designer - San Juan, PR 00909 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Graphic Designer Wovenware US San Juan, PR 00909 Job Description 
Position: 
GRAPHIC DESIGNER 
Job Summary: Our Graphic Design and Storytelling champion will work to define, design, and defend our Wovenware brand to both external and internal audiences. This person will help us craft our bold message and be in charge of creating consistent and clear brand executions, campaigns, and creative deliverables that align with our brand identity (which you helped create). 
Position Reports to: 
Project Manager and/or Chief Design Officer 
Department:  Consulting 
Status: Non-Supervisory/ Exempt 
We live in a designed world. 
Everything around us is designed to make the world more usable, understandable, navigable, relatable, and understandable. And today everything is a brand that evokes specific feelings, identities, relationships. The design has stretched out beyond form and function to become the shaper of the experience, the service, strategy, and even the tool by which new value and business models are created. Yet an essential truth remains - people still absorb the world through thoughtfully created images, colors, typography. For us, the core skills of graphic design and visual communication are essential in telling stories, engaging people, and creating meaning. 
 About this role (in Summary) 
 Our Graphic Design and Storytelling champion will work to define, design, and defend our Wovenware brand to both external and internal audiences. This person will help us craft our bold message and be in charge of creating consistent and clear brand executions, campaigns, and creative deliverables that align with our brand identity (which you helped create). 
This is a problem-solving and storytelling role that cuts across everything we do. This means that you will be working with our most senior leaders from the CEO, COO, head of HR, marketing and sales, and our Chief Design Officer. An ability to frame the challenge, understand the business as well as the brand intent, rapidly create options and respond to input and take the initiative to jump on opportunities will be key. It also requires someone who is both a master of their graphic design craft both in physical and digital formats but also a kick-ass storyteller who can engage people in a well-told story whether it be in an Instagram carousel or a short video. 
In essence, this magnificently talented human will be a powerhouse brander, communicator, and creative who will shape who we are to the rest of the world. 
How this role fits into the great work we do 
We at Wovenware are growing and transforming and showcasing what incredible talented people from Puerto Rico - from developers, data scientists, project managers, and designers - can do to shape the future of technology and business. As we do this, we need someone brave and creative to take charge of our message, tell the world who we are and what we do in visually powerful ways as well as engage our own people and bring out culture alive. We want someone to shape our message, our brand, our identity, and our culture through well-crafted, creative, thoughtful graphic design and creative storytelling. 
Essential Responsibilities: 
What you can expect to be doing 
Work on improving, providing definition, and defending our brand identity and design system across everything we do - communications, marketing, physical, digital, social. 
Develop creative and bold deliverables for everything from internal communications like flyers and newsletters to external ads, social media post,s and a possible external e-magazine to clients. 
Keep our website design on the cutting edge and alive with new graphic content. 
Develop all of our marketing and sales materials including creating amazing presentations, templates for us to use, and models of our processes. 
Maintain a history of all of our designs over time and help us see how we can improve consistently. 
Create thoughtful designs based on the needs of a variety of stakeholders from CEO, COO, Chief Design Officer, People Department, etc. 
Helping to manage our social media output and keep up present in the lives of candidates, employees, and clients - both current ones and future ones. 
Work on special projects that might include things like special events, social impact projects of Wovenware and discreet campaigns. 
Develop short videos from Wovenware for use on social media (not George Lucas like stuff, just well-done video content) 
Review final designs thoroughly before delivering. 
Maintain files of projects including originals and editable formats in easy to search ways. 
About you, the successful candidate 
You are a Master of Graphic Design craft and understand how to apply visual design principles no matter the medium. You probably have at least 3-5+ years of experience or you are simply a prodigy with talent beyond your years. 
You work well through a creative iterative process starting with quick mock-ups and rapidly refining and pivoting to what works. 
You have some creative maturity and can take constructive criticism and quickly move to the next ideas. Yet you defend good design with business arguments, not just ‘I like this one.” 
You are not afraid to ask thoughtful questions to understand the purpose, need, and requirements of the visual design deliverables. 
You thrive under pressure and jump on opportunities with a commitment to delivering. 
You really know your way around Adobe Creative Cloud. 
You have some experience in video creation and editing - just enough to be dangerous and with an eagerness to learn and do more. 
You get marketing and communications enough so to know how to deliver a consistent and powerful message with your designs. 
Other related duties may be required as assigned by the Immediate Supervisor. 
Why You Might Be Interested in This Opportunity 
We are a fast-growing service design, software engineering, and artificial intelligence consultancy. Just ask Inc magazine who consistently puts us on their list of 5,000 fastest-growing companies in the world. As we grow, we want to make an impression on clients everyone - from Denver to Denmark, San Juan to Singapore. 
The person who crafts our brand is going to have the opportunity to really showcase their skills supported by a company that seeks to be bold and non-conformist. We want to do things that surprise people, really good things. We want our design to be recognized as on par with anyone, anywhere. And we will support the person who wants to be this brave with leadership that supports thoughtful and creative design. 
And we are not an agency where clients are saying ‘make the logo bigger’ or meddling in stupid ways. You come here and you get to work on an innovative brand making a dent in the universe. 
WHAT YOU CAN EXPECT HERE 
We will make sure you are learning constantly. We do not expect you to know everything now, just that you are ready to learn it as we go. We support curiosity. 
We are open to listening, questioning, and challenging people. We will expect you to speak up and contribute to this effort of ours. 
We want everyone to have a life outside of work. That does not always mean we clock in and out in 8 hours. Some days demand more of us. But we try to balance it with a fun and family environment, and we recognize when people need a breather and accommodate accordingly. 
You will be challenged here. Get ready to get out of your comfort zone - it is where you grow. 
Virtual, for now. But we have an amazing office in Santurce and we have happy hours 
Physical & Safety Requirements 
Primarily sedentary with some walking, standing, and carrying of light objects. An adequately lighted and ventilated area where normal precautions for use of office equipment must be observed. This is a standard 40-hour workweek job that may require additional and flexible hours as necessary to complete project deadlines on time. 
Compensation: 
Compensation is commensurate with the experience level. The Graphic Designer position will be an integral part of our team and will have a competitive combination of base salary, Performance Bonus, 401K, Medical Insurance 85%-50% contribution, Sick Leave, and Personal Time Off. 
As an Equal Opportunity Employer, WOVENWARE is committed to a diverse workforce. Wovenware US 6 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Graphic Designer jobs in San Juan, PR Jobs at Wovenware US in San Juan, PR Graphic Designer salaries in San Juan, PR Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
