
 
 
 
 Product Yield Enhancement Technician - Boise, ID - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Yield Enhancement Technician Micron 1,039 reviews Boise, ID Micron 1,039 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Micron’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.  Join an inclusive team focused on one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can spark the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Req. ID: 291303 
As a Product Yield Enhancement (PYE) Physical Failure Analysis (PFA) Engineering Technician for Micron Technology, Inc., you will be responsible for providing full physical failure analysis, circuit edits and functional de-capsulation, supporting qualifications, customer returns, new device introduction, and general test failures. You will become an authority on physical failure analysis, circuit edits and de-capsulation methods, tools, and techniques. You will also be responsible for understanding all relevant analytical techniques; electrical failure modes, architecture, fabrication process, device operation and device physics for solid state memory devices. In this work environment you will be required to follow lab policies and safety procedures. 
Responsibilities include, but not limited to: 
Conducting Physical Defect Analysis 
Performing Circuit Edit 
Conducting Functional De-Capsulation 
Qualifications: 
A positive attitude and high level of motivation 
The ability to work at a fast pace without compromising quality 
Be a team player 
Effective time and project management skills 
Effective communication skills 
Problem solving and critical thinking skills 
Effective customer relationship building skills 
Scanning Electron Microscope (SEM) 
Focused Ion Beam (FIB) 
Sample preparation (etching and mechanical polishing) 
Cadence (CAD) 
Electronics and basic understanding of failure mechanisms 
Analytical techniques such as EDS 
Basic understanding of semiconductor fabrication and assembly processes 
The ability to work a 12 hour shift, rotating Day/Night shifts, every 4 months. Actual days TBD 
Education: 
B.S. in a non-engineering field of study (e.g. Biology, Chemistry, Geology, Phyics) 
A.A.S in Electronics, Microscopy or combination of education and applicable experience. 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
Micron prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and other international and industry labor standards. 
Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron. 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Keywords: Boise || Idaho (US-ID) || United States (US) || Frontend Manufacturing || College || Regular || Manufacturing/Production Operations || #LI-GC1 || Tier 2 || Micron 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Technician jobs in Boise, ID Jobs at Micron in Boise, ID Product Technician salaries in Boise, ID Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Micron 1,039 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
