
 
 
 
 Statistical Geneticist - Los Altos, CA 94022 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Statistical Geneticist Alto Neuroscience, Inc. Los Altos, CA 94022 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Introduction 
Alto Neuroscience is developing a new generation of precision therapeutics for the treatment of mental illnesses, based on a platform built on large-scale biomarker data, clinical outcomes and cutting-edge artificial intelligence analysis tools. The team combines world-leading neuroscientists, engineers and business executives with a singular focus on transforming the diagnosis and treatment of mental illnesses. 
Currently, there is no objective way to diagnose psychiatric illness, nor to identify which treatment is best for an individual patient. Treatment selection is presently done by trial-and-error as there are no reliable blood tests nor objective brain measures, for example, that can inform these decisions. Alto is focused on addressing this need by developing new medications that are more effective by virtue of being personalized - whereby each person gets the right drug for their brain. Come join us on our mission to re-imagine and re-engineer the treatment of mental illnesses! 
Job Description 
We are looking for a motivated Statistical Geneticist who is passionate about mental health. This person will work closely with a growing inter-disciplinary team of Physicians, Research scientists and Software developers to challenge the status quo and transform mental health via intelligent use of Artificial intelligence techniques. This position will oversee and perform analysis of large-scale genetic and genomic data, and relate these data to a variety of clinical and biological phenotypes. Specifically, this work will include the design and analysis of data to generate actionable patient insights that will aid in personalized treatment for mental health disorders. 
Roles and Responsibilities 
Prepare genetic data and data pipelines for model development 
Develop novel approaches for exploration, feature selection, and analysis from large-scale multidimensional data that include genomics, neurophysiological data, clinical/patient data 
Build, train, test and deploy machine learning models 
Develop and implement novel algorithms for the analysis and interpretation of genetic data 
Develop visualization tools to interpret and communicate results 
Work closely with software developers to integrate models into software products 
Document code, results and details of the approaches in a thorough and systematic way in order to promote knowledge sharing and code re-use 
Collaborate with other data scientists, SMEs to ideate and solve complex issues pertinent to data ingestion/curation, model performance, and model generalization. 
Skills and Qualifications 
Master or PhD degree in Bioinformatics, Genetics, Genomics, Engineering, Neuroscience, or other quantitative fields with strong analysis and programming experience. 
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms 
Experience with common data science toolkits and libraries, such as scikit-learn, Pandas, NumPy, SciPy, PyTorch, Matlab, etc. 
Programming languages: Python 
Working knowledge of Linux OS, SQL, Git, Docker 
2+ years of Python programming and product development experience 
2+ years of machine learning experience using real-world data (Dimensionality Reduction, Clustering, Classification, Regression, Ensemble Methods) 
Strong verbal and written skills, as demonstrated by publications, conference papers, blog posts, etc. 
Demonstrated success of being a team player while also being able to work independently 
Able to think outside the box and be innovative 
Experience working with at least one largescale genetics dataset (e.g. UK Biobank, Psychiatric Genomics Consortium, 1000 Genomes, etc.) 
Familiarity with common statistical genetics methods, such as LDSC, colocalization, FUMA/MAGMA, or Mendelian Randomization 
Familiarity with common genetics processing platforms, such as Hail, is a plus 
Knowledge of genomic data science is a plus 
Knowledge of application of deep learning to real-world data is a plus Alto Neuroscience, Inc. 7 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Jobs at Alto Neuroscience in Los Altos, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Alto Neuroscience, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
