
 
 
 
 Software Engineer, Explainable AI - San Francisco, CA 94104 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer, Explainable AI Instabase San Francisco, CA 94104 At Instabase , we're passionate about building software to advance the state of the art in computing. We've built a fearlessly experimental, customer-obsessed team who are making discoveries to fundamentally change how people build and consume business applications. 
 
Today, we're partnering with the world's leading companies to transform how they use data and technology. If these challenges excite you, we'd love to hear from you! 
 
Our Engineering Team  architects the underlying operating system, core services, platform infrastructure, dev toolkits, core algorithms, machine learning models, packaged end-user apps, and app store marketplace. Instabase engineers are excited to solve hard problems for complex organizations and are self-starters from day one. 
 
As a Software Engineer on the Explainable AI Team , you'll design and develop the next generation of glass-box artificial intelligence. We are bridging the human-machine gap in ML, enabling humans to understand, debug, and fine-tune models automatically generated by machine learning systems. 
 
What you'll do 
 
 Research, design, and implement program synthesis and modeling techniques for understanding documents from sparse datasets. 
 Build intuitive user interfaces for visualizing, tweaking, and debugging the internals of AI models. 
 Find heuristically performant solutions to NP-hard algorithmic problems. 
 Design data structures and APIs that span a deep and complex stack, from a sophisticated front-end down to a core inference engine. 
 
 About you 
 
 You're curious. You're into math or programming language design. 
 You enjoy thinking about how people think. You're excited to make something complex appear simple and intuitive to users. 
 You like getting to the bottom of deep, complex problems. You aren't satisfied with "it works" until you understand why. 
 We are pretty tech-agnostic, but use React/TypeScript on the front-end and will use OCaml or another FP language on the back-end. 
 If this sounds exciting, we'd like to hear from you. Domain/ML experience not expected. 
 
 Instabase is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity in all forms. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability, or any other unlawful factor. Instabase complies with local laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. Instabase 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Instabase in San Francisco, CA Software Developer salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Instabase Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
