
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Intern - Colorado - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Machine Learning Intern Trimble Colorado Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Description
 Title: Machine Learning Intern
 Location: Westminster CO - Remote CO
 Department: Central AI
 Trimble Central AI
 The Trimble Central AI team was formed to provide AI (artificial intelligence, machine learning and deep learning) expertise to all Trimble franchises and businesses. By using innovative thinking and technology, we help create AI solutions that enhance new and existing Trimble solutions. Join some of the most brilliant minds in a variety of industries and make a difference for the communities we serve. 
 Position Summary
 The team has an exciting opportunity for a Machine Learning Intern to develop their skill set while contributing to projects that aim to solve industry problems with machine and deep learning. The Intern will work with the team’s Machine Learning Engineers and Data Scientists, running tests and experiments, developing simple applications and creating educational content to internally promote self-service data science tools managed by the team. 
 Responsibilities
 Run tests and experiments to assist Machine Learning Engineers and Data Scientists
 Develop simple applications to improve the team’s efficiency, e.g. automate repetitive tasks or enhance ability to communicate ML results
 Produce Data Science Workbench tutorials that demonstrate the use of Central AI deep learning and analytic modeling frameworks 
 Required Skills:
 Pursuing a degree in Computer Science or related discipline at an accredited university
 Knowledge of math, statistics and algorithms such as K-means and SVM
 Strong communication and collaboration skills within a team
 Self-driven and directed mindset
 Ability to communicate results clearly 
 Preferred Skills:
 Basic knowledge of machine and deep learning algorithms
 Python and TensorFlow
 NVIDIA Jetson hardware 
 
 Trimble Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, age, color, religion, national origin, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws, or any other protected factor. EOE/M/F/V/D
 Pay Equity
 Trimble provides the following compensation range and general description of other compensation and benefits that it in good faith believes it might pay and/or offer for this position. This compensation range is based on a full time schedule. Trimble reserves the right to ultimately pay more or less than the posted range and offer additional benefits and other compensation, depending on circumstances not related to an applicant’s sex or other status protected by local, state, or federal law.
 Hiring Range:
 20.29
 25.91
 Bonus Eligible?
 Yes
 Trimble offers comprehensive core benefits that include Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Disability, Time off plans and retirement plans. Most of our businesses also offer tax savings plans for health, dependent care and commuter expenses as well as Paid Parental Leave and Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
 Trimble Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, age, color, religion, national origin, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws, or any other protected factor. EOE/M/F/V/D Trimble 4 days ago original job Report job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Colorado Jobs at Trimble in Colorado Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Colorado Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
