
 
 
 
 Giant Leap Internship-US - Boulder, CO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Giant Leap Internship-US Vaisala 40 reviews Boulder, CO Vaisala 40 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $27 - $30 an hour Job Type Temporary Internship Full Job Description Our Vaisala solutions contribute to societies and people’s lives in over 150 countries – and can even be found in space. With our technological innovations for measuring weather, environmental and industrial conditions, we have a key role in solving the grand social and environmental challenges of our time. We offer you a career with a clear purpose and a chance to create observations for a better world. 
 
 Building on over 80 years of experience, we employ approximately 1,900 professionals worldwide today. We are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange and our headquarters is located in Finland. 
 
 Vaisala’s industry-leading weather observation technologies, instruments, and solutions lay the foundation for the Weather and Environment business area’s strategy, enabling our customers to improve their ability to measure and forecast weather and weather phenomena. The business area serves selected weather-dependent customers to whom accurate, real-time, uninterrupted, and reliable weather data is essential to run efficient operations. 
 
Position Description: 
 Are you ready to take a Giant Leap into working life? Would you like to kick-start your career by working with a meaningful project in an innovative and international environment? We at Vaisala offer you a highly valued internship program that our previous generations of Giant Leapers describe as memorable, challenging and just a splendid experience in general. Each year we handpick exciting real-life business challenges for our Giant Leapers to manage. Each Giant Leaper gets their own development project to lead, organize and execute with the support of experienced Vaisala employees. Our unique approach helps you to improve your skills and gain special insight into our mission of creating observations for a better world. The highlight of your three-month #myvaisalasummer will be presenting the outcomes of your project to our board of executives. 
 
 Your key responsibilities include: 
 Using artificial intelligence to connect Vaisala's weather radar and lightning data for improved transportation safety 
 Vaisala’s weather radars and lightning detection sensors provide observations of high-impact weather events around the world. The goal of this project is to create new observations, descriptions, and forecasts of high-impact weather events by fusing weatherradar and lightning data. You will have the unique and important opportunity to create and apply new artificial intelligence techniques to a novel dataset to help save resources, costs, and lives of road and air travelers. 
 Qualifications: 
 Our challenging and meaningful program is designed for 3+ year students in a university or polytechnic with a variety of skills, qualities and educational backgrounds. 
 To succeed in this project, you should have a solid understanding of data wrangling, data analytics, and artificial intelligence/deep learning concepts and tools. You have experience programming in Python or Java 
 Completion of first-year or higher graduate studies in computer science, atmospheric science, or electrical/computer engineering is preferred 
 
 We appreciate our Giant Leapers and treat them as our own right from the get-go. The open and supportive atmosphere makes it easy to enjoy your summer with us. We don’t expect you to have all the answers but we hope you have lots of questions. So if you are ready to work hard, do your best and take this leap with us, see our projects for the upcoming summer and pick yours! Learn more about the program on vaisala.com/giantleap or check Vaisala on social media on LinkedIn and Instagram. 
 
 ANTICIPATED SALARY RANGE: $27-30 per hour. (Salary is determined by the education, experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities of the applicant, internal equity, and alignment with market data). This is a 12-week, temporary position and is not eligible for employment benefits. 
 
We take pride in being pioneers who strive to bring about positive changes in both the society and environment, and our work is not done yet. Take advantage of this opportunity and join our team to make a difference! 
 
 What we offer: 
 Our innovative high-tech business provides opportunities for curious challenge-seekers to make a real difference. As a part of our global team you can contribute with science and technology to solve the big environmental and societal challenges of our time. 
 
 Vaisala offers a competitive benefits package including: health, dental, and vision insurance, flexible spending accounts, company paid life, long and short term disability, 401(K) plan with company match, and tuition reimbursement. We also offer holiday pay and a generous paid time off plan. 
 
 To be considered for this position you must currently be eligible to work in the U.S. Vaisala participates in the E-Verify employment verification system. Candidates are subject to a personal work preference assessment and complete background check prior to an offer being extended. 
 
 EOE AA M/F/V/D 
 Vaisala is proud to be an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer. Minorities, women, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, status, marital status, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status, or any other legal protected status. 
 
 EEO Is the Law Poster 
 
 Reasonable Accommodation Notice 
 Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. As a government contractor, Vaisala complies with Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (the Act), which is a law that prohibits federal contractors and subcontractors from discriminating in employment against individuals with disabilities and requires employers take affirmative action to recruit, hire, promote, and retain these individuals. 
 
 If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete an application for a recognized disability under applicable law, please contact Human Resources by phone at  303-499-1701  or by email at ushr@vaisala.com. Vaisala 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Intern jobs in Boulder, CO Jobs at Vaisala in Boulder, CO Intern salaries in Boulder, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Vaisala Vaisala 40 reviews Vaisala has been predicting the unpredictable for over 80 years. We are a global leader in weather and industrial measurements, and our t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
