
 
 
 
 Pet Claims Team Lead (Remote) - Scottsdale, AZ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Pet Claims Team Lead (Remote) Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Scottsdale, AZ Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Scottsdale, Arizona | Claims Experience | Full-time 
 
We’re looking for an empathetic, animal-loving individual to step into the role of Team Lead for our pet health insurance claims team. Are you a highly motivated, compassionate leader who’s eager to push the possibilities of customer experience in a way no other insurance company has ever attempted? If so, read on! 
 
Your day-to-day will involve overseeing an experienced crew of pet claims advocates and working closely with Lemonade’s Head of Pet Claims in our newest line of business. You will help ensure claims are handled efficiently, while always providing a world-class customer experience. We will look to you to guide, mentor, and manage this incredible team. 
 
Requirements 
Minimum of 2+ years of Vet Med experience, working hands-on with cats and dogs; P&C insurance knowledge is a huge plus! 
1+ years experience working with pet medical claims is strongly preferred 
2+ years in a leadership role managing a team 
Simply loves pets—unparalleled empathy for our furry friends is a must! 
A proven track record of growing, managing, and coaching a team 
Desire to work in a unique, dynamic, fast-paced startup environment 
Self-motivated, fast learner with a willingness to roll up your sleeves 
Comfortable with and adaptable to new technology and business tools 
The ability to approach your work with patience and positivity 
About Lemonade 
Lemonade is a licensed insurance carrier offering renters, homeowners, life, and pet insurance in the United States, contents and liability insurance in Germany and the Netherlands, and renters insurance in France. We’re powered by artificial intelligence and behavioral economics, and driven by social good. 
A Certified B-Corp, Lemonade donates unused premiums to nonprofits selected by its community as part of our annual Giveback program. We incorporate our values into everything we do—from our business model to our office culture. Lemonade Insurance Company 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Warehouse Lead jobs in Scottsdale, AZ Jobs at Lemonade Insurance Company in Scottsdale, AZ Warehouse Lead salaries in Scottsdale, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
