
 
 
 
 Beyonders 2021 Summer Program - Data Science - Glendale, CA 91203 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Beyonders 2021 Summer Program - Data Science Beyond Limits 19 reviews Glendale, CA 91203 Beyond Limits 19 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description Program Overview 
The Beyond Limits Summer Internship program offers a unique opportunity to explore the world of Artificial Intelligence through an immersive experience. Participants will be imbedded in our current full-time teams of designers, programmers, and developers to help conceive new concepts, solve real business issues, and work with some of the industry’s top talent. 
This internship is a F/T role that spans 8-10 weeks over the summer and will run from mid-June through mid-August of 2021. In addition to their projects, participants will gain additional knowledge and networking opportunities through technical speaker series, development workshops, and social events as part of the internship. 
Ideal candidates should possess a background in one of the following technical areas: data science, artificial intelligence, cognitive computing, machine learning, Knowledge engineering, or natural language processing. Candidates with backgrounds in applied sciences or engineering a plus. 
Additionally, candidates should be flexible and adaptable to their work; have the ability to work in a team environment and be highly collaborative; and be naturally curious and innovative in solution solving. 
Program Eligibility Requirements 
Must be 18 years old at time of start 
Must be legally authorized to work in the U.S. 
Must be available to work F/T for the entire duration of the program 
Must be currently enrolled in an accredited university obtaining a bachelors degree or higher with at least one semester or quarter left at time of start 
Must be able to provide own housing and transportation to/from job site throughout the duration of internship assignment 
All interested candidates must apply through Beyond Limits' website in order to be considered 
Programming experience in Python, R,  and/or  Matlab 
Preferred Qualifications 
 
1-2 years of experience solving data science problems 
Experience working in an industry setting 
Domain expertise in energy, healthcare, finance, and/or logistics 
Research experience with high impact publications 
Familiar with common data science techniques, such as: 
Linear / logistic regression 
Decision tree algorithms (e.g. random forest) 
Clustering algorithms (e.g. K-means) 
Support vector machine (SVM) 
Artificial neural networks 
Experience with common data science tools, such as: 
Numpy 
Pandas 
Matplotlib 
Plotly 
About Beyond Limits 
Beyond Limits is a pioneering Artificial Intelligence engineering company creating advanced software solutions that go beyond conventional AI. Founded in 2014 with a legacy in space exploration, Beyond Limits is transforming proven technologies from Caltech and NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory into advanced AI solutions, hardened to industrial strength, and put to work for forward-looking companies on earth. We leverage this unparalleled innovation portfolio, along with proprietary cognitive technologies, to help companies solve tough, complex, mission-critical problems and transform their business. We apply a unique hybrid approach to AI, combining numeric AI techniques like machine learning with higher order symbolic AI and expert human knowledge to deliver intuitive cognitive reasoning and information. Our cognitive computing technology mimics human thought processes and provides explainable reasoning to aid human-like decision-making. 
Beyond Limits provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Beyond Limits complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. 
 
Beyond Limits expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Beyond Limit’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge. Beyond Limits 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Glendale, CA Jobs at Beyond Limits in Glendale, CA Data Scientist salaries in Glendale, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Beyond Limits Beyond Limits 19 reviews Beyond Limits provides support to people with learning disabilities, mental health issues and other support needs. Our aim is to change t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
