
 
 
 
 Innovation TitleTech Product Strategist (100% Remote in the US) - Philadelphia, PA 19103 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Innovation TitleTech Product Strategist (100% Remote in the US) Radian 100 reviews Philadelphia, PA 19103 Remote Radian 100 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $87,040 - $119,680 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Radian technology team is looking for a Product Strategist who is exceptionally imaginative, collaborative, and truly excited about building great products and experiences. You will have the rare opportunity to work with team of extremely talented group of people across our web, mobile, and digital platforms. We're looking for passionate product strategist who has knowledge of the Title industry and brings fresh ideas and innovations from all areas, including design, artificial intelligence, Robotics Automation Process (RPA), Blockchain – Distributed Ledger Technology, UI design, Web and Mobile experience; the list goes on and is growing every day. The ideal candidate is resourceful, analytical, great communicator, self-motivating and has great attention to detail. 
Primary Duties and Responsibilities 
Be part of a highly dynamic and multi-disciplinary team to develop and enhance products across corporate business landscape. You will translate business strategies into products that delight our customers and position our company for substantial growth. 
Encourage innovation, implementation of cutting-edge technologies, inclusion, outside-of-the-box thinking, teamwork, self-organization, and diversity. Someone who actively participate in internal & external product, and engineering community. 
Bring a passion to stay on top of tech trends, experiment with and learn new technologies. Have an appetite to evaluate and prototype with early stage technology sourced from the external market. 
Take market analysis, user feedback, analytics and best practices into consideration when driving product strategy. 
Working effectively with our technology, UX design, line of business, vendors, customers and internal tech teams to determine existing technical functionality and drive new technical as well as non-technical requirements to build great customer experience. 
Job Specifications 
 
 Knowledge: 
Must have understanding of current Title industry. 
3+ years of experience translating business strategy and analysis into consumer facing digital products 
Excellent analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to use data to manage metrics, drive feature prioritization, and implement business cases; ability to use hard data and metrics to explain assumptions, recommendations, and impact, ideally using SQL, Tableau or other analytical tools. 
Experience working with multiple high visibility projects running concurrently with a consistent record of contribution, leadership and impact. 
Skills and Abilities: 
Successful candidates will have the following: 
Proven track record in getting stuff done and delivering products that deliver substantial value. 
Entrepreneurial, startup, or corporate innovation experience. 
Proven creative vision and ability to connect with consumers. 
High level of intellectual curiosity and are comfortable with ambiguity. 
Compelling and effective at communicating with and presenting to executive management. 
Prior Work Experience 
Technical: 5 - 8 years 
Supervisory: None 
Education and Credentials 
Required: Bachelor’s Degree, Concentration in CS, CIS, MIS 
Preferred: Master’s Degree, Concentration in Information Systems 
Why Work with Us 
Competitive Compensation : anticipated base salary from $87,040 to $119,680, based on skills and experience. This position is eligible to participate in an annual incentive program. 
Our Company Makes an Impact.  We’ve been recognized by multiple organizations like, being included on Bloomberg’s Gender-Equality Index, being honored as a Tech 100 by  HousingWire , pledging to PwC’s CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion commitment, and receiving the Spirit Award from the MBA’s Open Door’s Foundation. 
Rest and Relaxation.  Generous time off starting day one, 9 paid holidays + 1 floating holiday in support of our I&D culture. 
Health Benefits.  Multiple medical plan choices, including HSA and FSA options, dental, and vision. 
Prepare for your Future.  401(k) with a top of market company match ( did we mention the company match is immediately vested?! ) 
Paid Parental Leave.  An opportunity for all new parents to embrace this exciting change in their lives. 
Employee Assistance and Discount Programs.  From helping you navigate the healthcare system, to providing resources and assistance to parents and caregivers of children with development disabilities, to scoring discounts with thousands of retailers. 
Pet Insurance.  To help protect our furry family members.
 At this time, Radian is unable to sponsor applicants who require work visas. 
EEO Statement 
Radian complies with all applicable federal, state, and local laws prohibiting discrimination in employment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, age, race, color, religious creed, marital status, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
Equal Opportunity Employer Details 
 Accommodation 
Whether you require an accommodation for the job application or interview process, Radian is dedicated to a barrier-free employment process and encourages a diverse workforce. If you have questions about the accommodation process, please e-mail careers@radian.com. Radian Group Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technician jobs in Philadelphia, PA Jobs at Radian in Philadelphia, PA Technician salaries in Philadelphia, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Radian Radian 100 reviews Radian is helping to ensure the American dream of homeownership in even bigger and better ways with industry-leading mortgage insurance a... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
