
 
 
 
 Customer Contact Representative - Research Triangle Park, NC 27709 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer Contact Representative IBM 30,707 reviews Research Triangle Park, NC 27709 IBM 30,707 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
The Finance & Admin Business Analyst is essential to the ongoing profitable operations for one of the most globally recognized and respected companies in the world. By overseeing our financial activities, you will enable IBM to continue to bring to market ground-breaking innovations such as Artificial Intelligence, Cognitive Solutions, Cloud Infrastructure, and Blockchain technologies, to name a few. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
To primarily answer incoming calls but to include responding to customer requests received via mail, voicemail, email, and fax from PepsiCo employees. Additional responsibilities will include: 
Process inbound calls to determine appropriate action required to satisfy the needs of the Customer, including external customers & internal business partners. 
Utilize AR technology tools to document customer requests, issue resolution/referrals for follow up to ensure proper handling of all inbound calls. 
Achieve individual and team objectives to include: 
Aux Variance 
Average Call Handle Time
 Calls per Staffed Hour 
Abandoned Calls
 First Call Resolution
 Quality 
Refer unresolved issues to the appropriate area, i.e., Cash/ Vendor Master/ Escalation Teams, via the JIRA 
Maintain an on-target or above average Quality Monitor score. 
Maintain complete and accurate documentation within JIRA 
Maintain an On Target or better Teamwork Assessment Rating 
Contribute toward team goals and objectives; including attendance & schedule adherence 
 
 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
High School diploma 
Highly effective interpersonal & communication skills in a fast paced-environment 
Knowledge of software & Pepsi applications, i.e., Oracle, SAP, and all supporting system 
Prior Customer Service and Call Center experience of 1-3 years; additional collection experience preferred 
Highly developed listening, analytical and problem-solving skills 
Excellent PC skills 
Customer Service Orientation; including clear, effective verbal and written communication with pleasant tone 
Broad-based Pepsi AR business knowledge 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Bilingual capabilities a plus 
Ability to work a shift within operating hours 7am – 7pm EST 
About Business UnitIBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 3 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Call Center Representative jobs in Research Triangle Park, NC Jobs at IBM in Research Triangle Park, NC Call Center Representative salaries in Research Triangle Park, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,707 reviews What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
