
 
 
 
 Software Engineer II (Artificial Intelligence) - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer II (Artificial Intelligence) Microsoft 7,110 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,110 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. With continued growth in digital data and the desire to leverage data to address problems that touch all aspects of our lives, Microsoft’s AI Platform is growing to meet these challenges! The AI Platform is hiring experienced engineers to join agile and diverse engineering teams in AI Frameworks, Azure Machine Learning, Cognitive Services, Conversational AI and the Azure Experimentation Platform. 
 
Some of the many opportunities available include: 
 
Bring the power of AI into Microsoft products, reaching millions of customers, data scientists and developers through open-source contributions in ML frameworks and inference engines. 
 
As part of the Automated Machine Learning group, democratize Machine Learning by lowering the barrier for model development and enabling every data scientist, developer, information worker, consumer and device, anywhere in the world to leverage petabytes of data to solve their real-world problems. 
 
Delve into business-critical problems facing Fortune-500 customers through co-engineering of ground-breaking scenarios in speech and computer vision. 
 
Enhance the AI Platform’s core speech model training and evaluation to delivery robust, natural and scalable speech recognition experiences across a rich set of scenarios and languages 
 
Contribute to Microsoft’s Bot Framework and Azure Bot Service, the world’s most powerful platform for creating conversational experiences - grow expertise in platform development or NLP model development and build on the work that has already attracted over half a million developers to create bots on the framework. 
 
Push the envelope regarding how data is leveraged and change how software is built by contributing to one of the largest experimentation platforms on the planet, used by teams across Microsoft such as Azure, Xbox, Windows, Office, and Bing. 
 
Contribute to the open-sourced runtime and training frameworks based on ONNX (Open Neural Network Exchange), an open format built to represent machine learning models. 
 
Tackle challenging problems in natural language, text analytics, conversational AI, and machine translation using state-of-the-art neural models such as ZCode, Turing and BERT. 
 
If you are intrigued by one or more of these opportunities, we would love to hear from you! 
Responsibilities 
Contribute technical expertise to help make sound architecture, design and implementation decisions 
Partner with and mentor junior team members 
Model best practices for quality and live site-focus 
Exercise a willingness to learn and share while collaborating with researchers, data scientists and cross-functional teams to improve the AI Platform’s capabilities and address customer requirements 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: 
3+ years’ experience in software development and product delivery 
3+ years’ experience working with C++, C#, Java, Python or similar language. 
A minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or a related field, or equivalent alternative education, skills, and/or practical IT work experience is required. 
 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Proven problem solving, design, coding and debugging skills from prior work on distributed systems, API design and engineering for scale 
Experience applying Machine Learning or statistical data analysis to petabyte-scale data 
Experience with Azure or other cloud technologies 
Experience making OSS contributions 
Familiarity with modern frontend development and HTML, React, TypeScript or Node.js 
Masters in computer science (or related field) 
 
Cloud Background Screening Requirement: 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. 
#AIPLAT 
#AIPLATFORM 
#conversationalai 
#botframework Microsoft 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,110 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
