
 
 
 
 Cloud Solution Architect - Sunnyvale, CA 94085 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Cloud Solution Architect Microsoft 7,110 reviews Sunnyvale, CA 94085 Microsoft 7,110 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us to achieve our mission. 
 
Microsoft aspires to help our customers achieve their own digital transformation, leveraging the power of Microsoft Cloud solutions and support offerings. To this end, Microsoft invests in a dedicated Customer Success team that will help Microsoft customers successfully realize their business outcomes. 
 
Azure is the most comprehensive, innovative and flexible cloud platform today and Microsoft is hiring professionals that will drive customer cloud adoption within the most important companies in the market. 
 
We are always learning. Insatiably curious. We lean into uncertainty, take risks, and learn quickly from our mistakes. We build on each other’s ideas because we are better together. We stand in awe of what humans dare to achieve and are motivated every day to empower others to do more and achieve more through our technology and innovation. Together we make a difference. 
 
To learn more about Microsoft’s mission, please visit: https://careers.microsoft.com/mission-culture 
 
Check out all of our products at: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us 
We are looking for a highly motivated and passionate Data Platform & Advanced Analytics/Artificial Intelligence Cloud Solution Architect to drive high priority customer initiatives on the Microsoft Azure Platform in collaboration with customers and the Microsoft field in Enterprise accounts segment of our business. This is a customer facing role, owning overall technical relationship between customer and Microsoft Data, Advanced Analytics and Artificial Intelligence Platform. 
 
You will own the Data Platform & Advanced Analytics technical customer engagements including architectural design sessions, specific implementation projects and/or MVPs. The ideal candidate will have experience in customer-facing roles and success leading deep technical architecture discussions with senior customer executives, Enterprise Architects, IT Management and Developers to drive Data Platform and Advanced Analytics solutions to productions. 
Responsibilities 
Understand customers’ overall data estate, IT and business priorities and success measures to design implementation architectures and solutions. 
Apply technical knowledge to architect solutions that meet business and IT needs, create Data Platform, Analytics and AI roadmaps, and ensure long term technical viability of new deployments, infusing key analytics technologies where appropriate (e.g.SQL Server, AzureSynapse, Azure ML, Azure Cognitive Services, Azure Data Factory, Big Data, Data Lake, Azure Databricks, Power BI, etc.) 
Ensure that solution exhibits high levels of performance, security, scalability, maintainability, appropriate reusability and reliability upon deployment 
Develop deep relationships with key customer IT decision makers and relevant business decision makers (like AI or Analytics), who drive long-term cloud adoption within their company to enable them to be cloud advocates 
Be a Voice of Customer to share insights and best practices, connect with Engineering team to remove key blockers 
Assess the Customers' knowledge of Azure platform and overall cloud readiness to support customers through a structured learning plan and ensure its delivery through partners. 
Collaborate with other Cloud Solution Architects and MS stakeholders in developing complex end-to-end Enterprise solutions on Microsoft Cloud platforms. 
Maintain technical skills and knowledge, keeping up to date with market trends and competitive insights; collaborate and share with the technical community while educate customers on Azure platform 
Be an Azure Platform evangelist with customers, partners and external communities. 
Experiences Required - Education, Key Experiences, Knowledge and Skills:   ProfessionalExperience .  5+ years of success in consultative/complex technical sales and deployment projects, architecture, design, implementation, and/or support of highly distributed applications required 
Relationship Building . Proven track record of building deep technical relationships with senior IT executives in large or highly strategic accounts. Experience in managing various stakeholder relationships to get consensus on solution/projects.  Required 
Good business acumen to quickly understand the customer’s industry and business to have relevant discussions with business decision makers. 
Problem Solving. Ability to solve customer problems through cloud technologies  Required 
Collaboration and Communication. Acknowledged for driving decisions collaboratively, resolving conflicts and ensuring follow through with exceptional verbal and written communication skills. Ability to orchestrate, lead, and influence virtual teams, ensuring successful implementation of customer projects. Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort with both large and small audiences (Senior Executives, IT management, Database administrators and Data Scientist) Required 
Technical 
Enterprise-scale technical experience with cloud and hybrid infrastructures, architecture designs, database migrations, and technology management. required 
The technical aptitude and experience to learn new technologies and understand relevant cloud trend 
Competitive Landscape: Knowledge of cloud development platforms 
Partners: Understanding of partner ecosystems and the ability to leverage partner solutions to solve customer needs preferred 
Breadth of technical experience and knowledge, with depth / Subject Matter Expertise in two or more of the following Data Analytics and AI Platform Cloud solutions required 
SQL including OSS (postgres, MySQLetc), Azure SQL 
NoSQL Databases including OSS (Maria, Mongoetc), Cosmos DB 
Big Data including SQL DW, Snowflake, Big Query, Redshift 
Advanced Analytics including Azure Data Bricks, visualization tools asPowerBI, Tableau 
Data Governance 
Data Engineering 
Data Science 
Machine Learning including Azure ML, ML Server 
Artificial Intelligence including BOT framework, Cognitive Services, Cognitive Search 
Expertise in data estate workloads like HDInsight, Hadoop, Cloudera, Spark, Python 
Qualifications 
Education 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineer or related field preferred 
Certification in one or more of the following technologies preferred: Cloud, mobile, Database, Big Data, BI, Data Science, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence 
Experience 
Prior work experience in a Consulting/Architecture position within a software and/or services company such as Amazon, VMware, Google, IBM, Oracle desired 
Prior solution delivery experience in Analytic and AI specialized solution providers 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in Sunnyvale, CA Jobs at Microsoft in Sunnyvale, CA Software Architect salaries in Sunnyvale, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,110 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
