
 
 
 
 Intern – AI Robustness - Princeton, NJ 08540 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Intern – AI Robustness Siemens 9,995 reviews Princeton, NJ 08540 Siemens 9,995 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Temporary Internship Full Job Description We are currently seeking a Summer Intern in the field of Robust AI Verification of Intelligent Systems to investigate and develop approaches for automated verification of Machine Learning (ML) algorithms. The challenge of our research project is to demonstrate the robustness of AI systems against adversarial attacks. Especially, we are interested in detecting and measuring flaws originating from the training of a robust classifier. Approaches of a similarity and sensitivity analysis of training data shall be analyzed towards their susceptibility to adversarial attacks. The internship will focus on the development of approaches to analyze and measure the robustness of ML models and demonstrated by a PoC of the verification approach. 
At the core of Siemens’ business are complex software-intensive systems that apply AI technology. Siemens factory automation, smart building, power grid control, and other technologies depend on the robust operation of those AI-based software systems. Thus, the verification of AI-based systems has become a lot more challenging. Methods to ensure safe and reliable operation for traditional industrial systems are no longer sufficient. Thus, it is essential for the future success of our businesses to advance the state of the art and enable the use of artificial intelligence in the industrial domain. 
 The Challenge 
 Review available academic literature to create an overview about existing approaches and results, as well as directions in academic research 
Select a subset of existing approaches and devise a strategy to create a Proof of Concept to allow further assessment of feasibility for automation 
Present and discuss results within the research team 
 The Candidate: 
 Qualified candidates will have/be: 
A current student pursuing a MS/PhD degree in Computer Science / Data Science / Software Engineering, or other related subject with a strong focus on Formal Verification 
Solid software development skills (i.e., Python) and experience with AI development frameworks (i.e., Tensorflow) 
Solid knowledge about and experience with Data Analytics methods, especially Machine Learning. 
Experience with Adversarial Attack techniques and how to improve classification results or reduce misclassifications preferred. 
Experience in evaluating and improving the robustness of intelligent systems. 
Experience with standard software development processes, methodologies, and best practices (including requirements analysis, software architecture and design, and verification) 
Background on ML learning theory is a plus 
Excellent knowledge of English (spoken and written) 
Successful candidate must be able to work with controlled technology in accordance with US Export Control Law. US Export Control laws and applicable regulations govern the distribution of strategically important technology, services and information to foreign nationals and foreign countries. Siemens may require candidates under consideration for employment opportunities to submit information regarding citizenship status to allow the organization to comply with specific US Export Control laws and regulations. Additional information on the US Export Control laws & regulations can be found on http://www.bis.doc.gov/index.php/policy-guidance/deemed-exports/deemed-exports-faqs?view=category&id=33#subcat34 
About Us
 Siemens Technology employees are passionate about applied research. We create technology with purpose that benefits society - more agile and productive factories, more intelligent and efficient buildings and grids, more reliable and sustainable transportation. Our research powers Siemens products and is regularly featured in patents and publications. We operate in the Siemens Innovation Ecosystem, partnering with our businesses on highly visible projects where collaboration is key. 
Our people continuously develop their talents, are curious, eager to learn, and not afraid to fail. Employees at Siemens Technology are empowered to own their growth and development. With over 30 countries represented across our workforce in the US, diversity of thought and experiences are key to our success. 
We take pride in bringing our best selves to work every day, prioritizing individual health, work-life blend, and flexibility. 
At Siemens Technology, the success of our employees drives our success. 
Join Us
 We are more than employees; we are actively helping to make people’s lives a little better every day. Would you like to be a part of that? Then join us. We offer you a high level of practical relevance as well as an opportunity to individually contribute your knowledge and your visions around the world. Whether you’re helping to develop products for the operating units or working in interdisciplinary projects for the business areas: At Corporate Technology you’ll be working in the heart of Siemens’ technological research together with the best! 
#LI-DM4 
Organization:  Technology 
Company:  Siemens Corporation 
Experience Level:  Student (Not Yet Graduated) 
Job Type:  Full-Time temporary 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law. 
 
 EEO is the Law 
Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here. 
 
 Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision 
Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here. 
 
 California Privacy Notice 
California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here. Siemens 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Intern jobs in Princeton, NJ Jobs at Siemens in Princeton, NJ Intern salaries in Princeton, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Siemens Siemens 9,995 reviews Siemens AG is a German engineering conglomerate, the largest of its kind in Europe. Siemens has international headquarters located in Ber... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
