
 
 
 
 Director, Simulation Tools - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Simulation Tools NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At NVIDIA, we are building the system, hardware, and software technology which enables autonomous driving. Our Validation & Verification team is currently looking for a Director, AV Simulation Tools to define and develop simulation tools to drive development and verification workflows on our DRIVE development platform using DriveSim and Replay platforms to optimize testing pipelines and to validate AI based systems.
 As part of the autonomous vehicles software team, you will have a chance to create and work with some of the most exciting technologies in the world! You will have the opportunity to invent autonomous driving products containing camera systems, RADAR, LIDAR, HD maps, path planning, and vehicle dynamics functionalities. You will get to work with machine learning, computer vision, and robotics algorithms. All of these technologies are fundamental to develop an end-to-end AI computing product for self-driving cars.
 What you’ll be doing:
 You will be working closely with internal and partner teams to deliver state-of-the-art products for test and development of highly autonomous vehicle software. Specific responsibilities of the  Director - AV Simulation Tools  role include:
 Guide the development of scenario languages and related tooling to deliver domain specific language for scenario synthesis and evaluator frameworks
 Leading the development of replay pipelines for data driven analysis and test of real-world datasets including perception and full vehicle software-in-loop and hardware-in-loop.
 Unification of tooling across the test platforms.
 Your close collaboration with internal partners, OEMs and tier-1 partners ensures that all aspects of the joint development are carried out on time and according to plan.
 What we need to see:
 Bachelor’s degree in a Software or engineering development discipline (or equivalent experience)
 10+ years of overall years of experience plus 5+ years of management experience in software development
 Experience in requirements driven development, and development and validation of tools to high levels of integrity.
 You possess excellent written, and verbal communication skills.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Experience developing simulation tools for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) or autonomous driving.
 Participated in the development of large scale automotive project involving multiple target vehicles, with significant responsibility in development and execution of a validation plan using both deterministic and statistical methods, using combinations of simulation, replay and physical testing.
 Collaborated with a large development team to ensure that requirements such as design-for-testability (DFT) are met in the project as a whole.
 NVIDIA gives automakers, tier-1 suppliers, automotive research institutions, and start-ups the power and flexibility to develop and deploy breakthrough artificial intelligence (AI) systems for self-driving vehicles. NVIDIA's unified AI computing architecture enables training deep neural networks in the data center on the NVIDIA DGX-1™, and then seamlessly runs them on NVIDIA DRIVE PX 2 inside the vehicle. This end-to-end approach uses NVIDIA DriveWorks software and allows cars to receive over-the-air updates to add new features and capabilities throughout the life of a vehicle. We believe that realizing self-driving cars will be a defining contribution of our generation (e.g. traffic accidents are responsible for ~1.25 million deaths per year worldwide). We have the funding and scale, but we need your help on our team. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and creative people in the world working for us. Are you hardworking, persistent, autonomous and love a challenge? If so, we want to hear from you.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 28 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Director salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
