
 
 
 
 Manager, FP&A - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager, FP&A Aera Technology 4 reviews San Francisco, CA Remote Aera Technology 4 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Aera is seeking a Manager, FP&A to join the Financial Planning & Analytics team. The FP&A team partners with senior management to advise on strategic decision-making, leads financial planning, budgeting & forecasting and supports investor relations initiatives. This position offers a significant opportunity to grow and play an important role in developing and shaping a global FP&A team. 
 
 The successful candidate has a strong background working for a SaaS, B2B tech start-up, is an organized, highly motivated, ambitious self-starter with great communication skills and analytical abilities. 
At Aera, we deliver the cognitive technology that enables the Self-Driving Enterprise™: a Cognitive Operating System™ that connects you with your business and autonomously orchestrates your operations. Aera's Cognitive OS leverages the best of artificial intelligence, machine learning, natural language processing, big data, and enterprise domain expertise to deliver Cognitive Automation at scale for some of the world's largest companies. 
This will primarily work out of our SF or Mountain View office. Open to remote candidates. Must be located in the US. 
 Responsibilities 
Partner with the business leaders and support the operational and capacity planning 
Support setting up targets for the key metrics and track the actuals 
Support the assessment of resource allocation and utilization for each business function 
Work closely with the accounting team to support the month-end close process and reporting 
Support critical planning processes including long range planning, forecasting and annual budgeting 
Develop, maintain and improve financial models to support investment initiatives and ‘what-if’ scenario planning 
Work collaboratively across functional teams to develop sophisticated, quantitative analysis that translates internal and external data into actionable insights 
Evaluate and lead in-depth analysis on special projects as new initiatives and opportunities arise 
Prepare monthly and quarterly reporting to senior management, investors and Board of Directors 
Prepare monthly actual vs budget/forecast analysis and document the actual trends against the plan 
Other ad hoc analysis based on business needs 
 About You 
BA/BS degree in finance or accounting from a leading institution; MBA or Masters preferred 
5+ years of work experience in an FP&A role; with a majority of this at a SaaS, B2B tech startup, is a must have! 
Advanced proficiency in Excel and PowerPoint, including ability to develop financial models and presentations from scratch required 
Strong understanding of GAAP and Financial Statements required 
Strong financial acumen and strong planning, analytical, leadership and operations skills 
Extensive experience working directly with executives and senior business leaders 
Highly organized, self-starter and able to deal with ambiguity 
Comfortable working with global business partners across regions 
 Nice to Have 
Bonus points for experience with NetSuite, Salesforce, Bamboo, Lever 
Experience with planning systems such as Adaptive, Anaplan or Host Analysis 
Experience supporting GTM teams and revenue models 
 At Aera, we're on a mission to solve the biggest, most intractable challenges in the world of enterprise software. We envision the rise of the Self-Driving Enterprise: a more autonomously functioning business with a central operating system that connects and orchestrates business operations. Our Cognitive Operating System is increasingly used by the world's largest companies to fundamentally transform their organizations and how work is done. 
If you share our passion for building the next generation of enterprise software, and deploying it for the most sophisticated customers in the world, you’ve met your match. Headquartered in Mountain View, California, we're growing fast, with teams in Mountain View and San Francisco (California), Bucharest and Cluj-Napoca (Romania), Paris (France), Munich (Germany), London (UK), Pune and Bangalore (India), Sydney (Australia) and Singapore. So join us, and let’s build the future of work together! 
CALIFORNIA ONLY 
Aera Technology is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Aera Technology will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. 
Aera Technology respects the privacy of your data. Please take the time to read our Candidate Privacy Notice, available here. Aera Technology 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Financial Planning and Analysis Manager jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Aera Technology in San Francisco, CA Financial Planning and Analysis Manager salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Aera Technology 4 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
