
 
 
 
 Sales Representative - Morrisville, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sales Representative Lenovo 1,100 reviews Morrisville, NC Lenovo 1,100 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description Position Description: 
 At Lenovo we strive to put more innovation in the hands of more people so they can do more amazing things. We are seeking an enthusiastic, career minded professional to join an ever-growing fast paced eCommerce sales team.
 The SMB Sales Representative (SMB SR) position will sell Lenovo products, services, and solutions to clients through inbound (queue based) and outbound phone calls. The SMB SR will be responsible for uncovering opportunities, selling the benefits of Lenovo products, and selling against the competition. This person will champion the innovative power of our products by driving sales with key customers to achieve revenue and profitability objectives. The SMB SR will configure, price, negotiate and quote sales solutions as well as provide proactive follow-up, product information and overall account support. This sales representative will be trained on Lenovo’s portfolio of award- winning products and will develop strategies to help new and existing customers implement the best solutions for their business needs. The ideal candidate is results oriented, able to execute the organizational strategy and has prior Inside/Outside Sales experience.
 Key Responsibilities: 
 Work within corporate initiatives including weekly forecast and opportunity management reviews to reach high performance goals. Handling incoming telephone calls (queue based) and making outbound calls Develop and cultivate client relationships with both new and existing customers while achieving profit and revenue objectives through consultative selling Work within corporate initiatives including weekly forecast and opportunity management reviews Offering financial options and services on every interaction and promoting Lenovo Rewards Customer satisfaction; asking and answering questions in a professional manner Improves quality results by adhering to standards and guidelines Attends mandatory training and additional education opportunities Achieves all sales targets and KPIs based on the business needs/strategy
 Why Lenovo? 
Lenovo is a US $50 billion Fortune Global 500 company, with 57,000 employees and operating in 180 markets around the world. We are #1 PC company on the planet, BCG's 50 most innovative companies, and one of Interbrand’s 100 BEST global brands.
 Awards & Recognition: 
 Fortune Magazine’s World’s Most Admired Companies, 2020 & 2019 Human Rights Campaign, Corporate Quality Index – Perfect Score 2020, 2019, 2018 Universum’s World’s Most Attractive Employers, 2020 Best Places to work for LGBTQ Equality, 2021 & 2020 Top 100 Internship Programs Winner, 2020 Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations by Corporate Knights, 2020 Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index – Perfect Score, 2020 IoT Breakthrough Award, 2020 2020 Fortune Global 500, #224 Top 100 to Watch for Remote Jobs, 2019
 About Lenovo: 
We are focused on a bold vision to deliver smarter technology for all by developing technologies that create a more inclusive, trustworthy and sustainable digital society. We design, engineer and build one of the world’s most complete portfolio of smart devices and infrastructure. Our goal is to enable intelligent transformation to create better experiences and opportunities for millions of customers around the world.
 We make technology that powers the world’s best ideas. We design tools for those who are driven by accomplishment. We are the company that powers the people who Do. The engine that helps them Do more. Do better. Do what’s never been done. And we are united in the quest to help our users defy the impossible. Join us in defining the New IT world of tomorrow!
 Who You’ll Work With: 
At Lenovo, we manufacture one of the world’s widest portfolios of connected products, including PCs (ThinkPad, IdeaPad, Yoga, Lenovo Legion), tablets, smartphones and workstations as well as augmented and virtual reality (ThinkReality) and smart home/office solutions, software and services. In this role you will be representing the product portfolio for our IDG business.
 IDG (Intelligent Device Group) – The IDG at Lenovo houses our PC and Smart Devices. We combine investment in high-growth segments (workstations, gaming, visuals, thin and light devices) with new innovation in the smart device categories and continue to explore new opportunities across AR/VR, artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), security and as-a-service solutions.
 Lenovo is an Equal Opportunity Employer providing accommodation(s) during the recruitment process. Should you require any accommodations, please indicate this on your application/cover letter and we will work with you to meet your accessibility needs. 
 Position Requirements: 
 Minimum Requirements:
 o Previous experience with a quota carrying sales position and success with outbound sales strategy 
o Must be available to work any shift M-F, required weekends and holidays 
o Must be flexible and have ability to adapt to constant change in a fast- paced environment 
o High level of interpersonal skills, strong organizational and planning skills 
o Excellent verbal and written communication skills are required
 BA/BS degree or equivalent professional work experience 
 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any federal, state, or local protected class. Lenovo 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Sales Representative jobs in Morrisville, NC Jobs at Lenovo in Morrisville, NC Sales Representative salaries in Morrisville, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lenovo Lenovo 1,100 reviews At Lenovo, our mission is simple: we create technology that enables people to challenge and inspire the world, helping them lead more ful... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
