
 
 
 
 Content Specialist - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Content Specialist Ironpaper 5 reviews Remote Remote Ironpaper 5 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are hiring a full time Content Specialist. This position is open as a full time remote role within the US.
 We are looking for a passionate writer and researcher who will create compelling content for niche B2B & technology industries.
 All content creation should be well researched, so our ideal candidate should have experience conducting interviews with clients/stakeholders, using third-party research, reports, industry content, etc. 
 Our client accounts are primarily in the B2B technology space and include enterprise software, SaaS, IT, cloud, artificial intelligence, Internet of Things, telecom/wireless, digital transformation, marketing technology, and big data.
 Before applying please be sure you fit this criteria: 
 Ability to provide a writing portfolio that includes professional works. Business or Technology subjects preferred. 
 Must be able to work 9am - 6pm EST.
 Must be a smart and lovely person that is passionate about their work. 
 Strong presentation, communication, writing, editing, and research skills. 
 Understanding of technology, digital, and business subjects. 
 Willing to learn the core concepts of Inbound Marketing. 
 Responsibilities include: 
 Create strategic content including blog articles, third-party articles, eBooks, key messaging, interviews, sales collateral, whitepapers, and website copy. 
 Create client content strategies, plans, and messaging and client content strategy documents that frames content maps throughout the buyer's journey.
 Create messaging and content for lead/opportunity nurturing programs for both the marketing and sales funnels. 
 Ability to quickly conduct research on industries and topics within the business and tech categories. 
 Working closely with client stakeholders and conveying  fantastic   interpersonal communication skills. 
 Provide thoughtful analysis of digital economies, information technology, cloud, B2B tech, and business transformation subjects. 
 Learn and understand  Inbound Marketing methodology. Ironpaper 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Web Content Specialist jobs in Remote Jobs at Ironpaper in Remote Web Content Specialist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ironpaper Ironpaper 5 reviews Ironpaper is a growth agency.

Our mission is to help our clients achieve growth through marketing and sales. We seek to unify the mark... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
