
 
 
 
 Vehicle Integration Manager - Cupertino, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Vehicle Integration Manager Plus 58 reviews Cupertino, CA Plus 58 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Plus is a cutting-edge self-driving technology company with the mission to apply artificial intelligence into logistics industry and passenger vehicles. We aim at improving vertical industry efficiency, upgrading industrial products, and offering a comprehensive product solution to real-world problems. 
 
Responsibilities 
 
 Be the head of physical integration of components into the vehicle. 
 The scope of the role will include projects at any stage of a program lifecycle (series production, prototype, etc.) as well as non-program specific development. 
 Generate concerns in issue management software (JIRA) and track them through to completion. 
 Conduct preventive maintenance, calibrations, and on-going system troubleshooting; this is a "hands-on" job. 
 Document all vehicle tasks and issues. 
 Lead the integration effort of including power, electrical and software integration. 
 Effectively communicate and collaborate with the engineers, technicians, product teams, and operators to ensure that vehicles and warehouse space is well maintained. 
 Ensure procedures are followed and checklists completed on a daily basis with proper escalation procedures as necessary. 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 BA/BS degree in Mechanical Engineering, or related field. 
 3+ years practical experience. 
 Diagnostic troubleshooting/experience with vehicle or robotics systems including electrical and mechanical sensors, cameras, computers, and other associated equipment. 
 Ability to read and understand hardware schematics. 
 Detail oriented, highly organized, with a passion for continuous learning. 
 Experience working with EVs and/or Autonomous Vehicles a plus. 
 
 Perks 
 
 Work on industry-leading technologies at an energetic, exciting Silicon Valley startup 
 Forge the future of autonomous transportation while collaborating with AI experts from around the world 
 Catered free lunch, unlimited snacks and beverages 
 Competitive salary, stock options, and outstanding benefits package Plus 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Integration Manager jobs in Cupertino, CA Jobs at Plus in Cupertino, CA Integration Manager salaries in Cupertino, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Plus 58 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
