
 
 
 
 Research Intern, Applied Research - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Intern, Applied Research Facebook 621 reviews Remote Remote Facebook 621 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description Facebook is seeking Research Interns to join various teams in developing next generation products and platforms doing research and engineering at scale. As a Research Intern, you will help us bring the best of Artificial Intelligence technology to Facebook products. Our efforts are to push the bar in three directions: build reliable platforms that scale to thousands of engineers, push state of the art in AI for maximum product impact and build new experiences using AI.The duration of this internship is 16 weeks with Summer, Fall, and Winter start dates. Internships will be awarded on a rolling basis and candidates are encouraged to apply early.To learn more about our research visit https://research.facebook.com 
Perform research to advance the science and technology of intelligent machines 
Devise better data-driven models of human behaviour 
Contribute research that can be applied to Facebook product development 
Perform specific responsibilities which vary by team 
Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining a PhD degree 
Experience in C++, Java or other related language 
Must obtain work authorization in the country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorisation during employment 
Intent to return to degree-program after the completion of the internship/co-op 
Extensive experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches 
Comfort manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources 
A strong interest in theoretical and empirical research and for answering hard questions with research 
Ability to communicate complex research in a clear, precise, and actionable manner 
Experience building systems based on machine learning, reinforcement learning and/or deep learning methods 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. 
#LI-REMOTE Facebook 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Intern jobs in Remote Jobs at Facebook in Remote Research Intern salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 621 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
