
 
 
 
 AI/ML - Machine Learning Engineer, Information Intelligence - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML - Machine Learning Engineer, Information Intelligence Apple 10,187 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Apple 10,187 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  Apr 29, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200241348 
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there’s no telling what you could accomplish.
Do you want to make Siri and Apple products smarter for our users? Do you want to be a part of redefining how people use their computing devices to search and access information? Are you excited by early stage initiatives with potential for huge impact? The Siri Search and Information Intelligence teams are building groundbreaking technology for algorithmic search, machine learning, natural language processing, , computer vision and artificial intelligence. The features we build are redefining how hundreds of millions of people use their computers and mobile devices to search and find what they are looking for. Siri’s universal search engine powers search features across a variety of Apple products, including Siri, Spotlight, Safari, Messages and Lookup.
Join a new team in Apple AI/ML that is investigating novel visual capabilities of Siri across all Apple products that will transform the way people engage with the world around them! We’re looking for strong engineers to work on cutting-edge technology, collaborate with experts across Apple, and deliver new end-to-end experiences that delight customers. 
Key Qualifications 
Excellent knowledge and practical skills in ML based perception algorithms 
Proven track record of developing and implementing high-quality computer vision algorithms 
Strong interpersonal skills; able to work independently as well as in a team 
Excellent software design, problem solving and debugging skills 
Fluency in Python and another language (C/C++, Go, Swift, Rust) 
Experience with relevant deep learning software packages (Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch) 
Description 
As a machine learning engineer you are excited to solve high impact problems using deep learning and large data sets. You will stay up to date with latest research in detection, segmentation and metric learning and work with a team of highly qualified computer vision and machine learning specialists to develop innovative computer vision/machine learning systems in the area of visual search. You'll be involved in all phases of model development including data analysis, prototyping, testing, deployment and end to end optimization.
You work closely with teams across Apple worldwide. You have great technical skills, a drive for high quality software and the ability to innovate creative solutions. Communicating clearly and having the flexibility to learn new technologies, while continuously developing your skills will be key to your success. You will fit into our teams, be a fantastic collaborator, comfortable with giving and receiving feedback and able to thrive in a dynamic environment.
If this is you, we'd love to hear from you! 
Education & Experience 
MS or PhD in computer vision, machine learning, computer science or equivalent industry experience Apple 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,187 reviews This is where you can do the best work of your life. Where you’ll join some of the world’s smartest, most innovative people to create ama... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
