
 
 
 
 ASIC Verification Engineer - New College Grad - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ASIC Verification Engineer - New College Grad NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA is seeking an outstanding ASIC Verification Engineer to verify the design and implementation of the world’s leading SoC's and GPU's. This position offers the opportunity to have a real impact in a dynamic, technology-focused company impacting product lines ranging from consumer graphics to self-driving cars and the growing field of artificial intelligence. We have crafted a team of extraordinary people stretching around the globe, whose mission is to push the frontiers of what is possible today and define the platform for the future of computing.
 What you’ll be doing:
 As a Verification Engineer at NVIDIA, you will be responsible for verifying the design, architecture and micro-architecture of a memory subsystem unit
 Develop scalable SystemVerilog/UVM testbench components, develop tests, triage test failure and maintain regression system
 Collaborate with ASIC designers and architects to define and execute test plans and verification strategies
 What we need to see:
 You are pursuing a Bachelor or Masters Degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science or Computer Engineering (or equivalent experience)
 Knowledgeable in verification using random stimulus along with functional coverage and assertion-based verification methodologies
 Experience with developing scalable code using Object Oriented Programming principles
 Familiar with SystemVerilog/UVM, and design and verification tools (VCS or equivalent simulation tools, debug tools like Debussy, GDB)
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Experience with code coverage and functional coverage driven verification methodology.
 Understanding of memory subsystem micro-architecture, Direct Memory Access (DMA), interconnects, FSMs, arbitration policies and logic designs
 C++ programming language experience desirable
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and talented people in the world working for us. Are you creative and autonomous? Do you love the challenge of crafting the highest performance & lowest power silicon possible? If so, we want to hear from you. Come, join our GPU ASIC team and help build the real-time, cost-effective computing platform driving our success in this exciting and quickly growing field.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Quality Assurance Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Quality Assurance Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
