
 
 
 
 Associate General Counsel–IP Transactions & Licensing - Beaverton, OR - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate General Counsel–IP Transactions & Licensing Nike 9,953 reviews Beaverton, OR Nike 9,953 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Become a Part of the NIKE, Inc. Team 
NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the world’s best athletes. It is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. The company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. Its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. The brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. At NIKE, Inc. it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game. 
NIKE, Inc.’s rapid pace of innovation demands a Legal team that is always on the offense. And they’re always on their game – with the mission to advance and guide Nike’s business through innovative, offense-minded counsel. Nike attorneys, paralegals and other specialists in law provide inventive approaches and superior counsel to Nike’s global business. As Nike changes the future of sport, the Nike Legal team drives competition, ingenuity and integrity in the marketplace. 
Nike’s rapid pace of innovation demands a Legal team that is always on the offense. And they’re always on their game – with the mission to advance and guide Nike’s business through innovative, offense-minded counsel. Nike attorneys, paralegals and other specialists in law provide inventive approaches and superior counsel to Nike’s global business. As Nike changes the future of sport, the Nike Legal team drives competition, ingenuity and integrity in the marketplace! 
 
WHO ARE WE LOOKING FOR 
As with other industry leaders, all aspects of Nike’s business are powered by innovation. We are looking for an experienced intellectual property (IP) attorney to join our growing Legal and Intellectual Property teams as Associate General Counsel, IP Transactions & Licensing, and assume a role in guiding our innovation and technology teams as they take Nike’s growth to the next level. This position will include an emphasis on digital IP and innovation. 
 
WHAT WILL YOU WORK ON 
As Associate General Counsel, IP Transactions & Licensing you will structure, draft, review and negotiate a wide range of IP-focused agreements and IP provisions for Nike to support and drive innovation and growth. Transaction types range from strategic partnerships, joint development efforts, open innovation activities, services and consulting arrangements, research, IP acquisitions, and inbound and outbound licenses, to evolving areas such as cloud services and artificial intelligence models. In addition to handling the legal work on important transactions, you will provide strategic advice related to the company’s IP development, strategic partnerships, business relationships, and licensing activities. You will prepare and deliver IP-focused training programs designed to enhance innovation efforts and business results. 
 
WHO WILL YOU WORK WITH 
Under the supervision of our Senior Counsel, IP Transactions & Licensing, you will work directly with senior management, technical/business partners, and other Nike Legal colleagues, in particular members of the Patent team. You will partner closely with Nike’s Business Development, Global Procurement, Privacy, and other supporting functions. International transactions will require collaboration with Nike’s excellent team of Legal talent who are located outside of the United States. 
WHAT WILL YOU BRING TO NIKE 
 Juris Doctorate degree or international equivalent. 
 Member, in good standing, of at least one U.S. State Bar and willingness to obtain and meet the requirements of membership in the Oregon State Bar through in-house counsel membership or reciprocity, as applicable. 
 Admission to practice before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and a technical degree are preferred. 
 3-6 years of law firm or in-house experience in: negotiating and drafting IP and technology transactional, development, and license agreements, and IP provisions of commercial agreements; IP substantive areas, including patent prosecution, IP litigation, and/or trade secret counseling; and open source review and counseling (preferred). 
 The ability to communicate effectively and succinctly, both verbally and in writing, with technology, business, and legal professionals at all levels. 
 The willingness and ability to learn and be coached, collaborate and treat with respect Nike teammates at all levels, and have a positive attitude. 
 
NIKE, Inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. Nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. No matter the location, or the role, every Nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: To bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world. 
NIKE, Inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability. Nike 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate General Counsel jobs in Beaverton, OR Jobs at Nike in Beaverton, OR Associate General Counsel salaries in Beaverton, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nike Nike 9,953 reviews NIKE, Inc. is the world’s leading designer, marketer and distributor of authentic athletic footwear, apparel, equipment and accessories f... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
