
 
 
 
 AI and Machine Learning Trainee - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI and Machine Learning Trainee SureStart Remote Remote Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description AI and Machine Learning Trainee (Remote, Part-time with Flexible hours) 
Are you a high-school or undergraduate student eager to learn about AI, develop or deepen your machine learning skills, and contribute to the future of AI? Have you envisioned your route to success? Need some support along the way? 
Yes, yes, and yes? Great! We have an amazing opportunity for you! 
This summer the MIT RAISE Initiative and SureStart are excited to collaborate on the MIT FutureMakers Create-a-thon, a virtual AI learning program. 
It is a 6-week program, beginning July 6th 2021. It will bring together students from across the US and its territories to create a deliberately diverse group of learners, who are developing skills related to applied machine learning, affective computing, artificial intelligence, mobile app development and leadership through a virtual program led by graduate student mentors. 
The program will have three different learning tracks to complement students with different amounts of prior coding experience, from beginner to expert. 
Apply today!  Start your journey to a successful career in AI with sustained support from a network of qualified mentors, engaged peers, and invested industry experts. 
As a FutureMakers Trainee, you will learn concepts related to AI and Affective Computing, get hands-on experience developing machine learning models, and get practice using your skills to build AI solutions through: 
A self-paced curriculum guided by mentors trained in machine learning; 
Participation in an exciting AI Create-a-thon in cross-discipline and cross-age teams, once again guided by mentors. 
Opportunity to attend seminars on career development skills; attend talks by AI industry professionals and engage in formal and informal peer-networking. 
The program is virtual, part-time and at no-cost to you! 
Application deadline: May 12th, 2021 
Requirements 
1) Applicants must be currently enrolled high-school or undergraduate students studying in the US or US Territories. 
2) Applicants are able to commit to 3-3.5 hours each weekday during the cohort, and a couple hours (optional) on three Saturdays leading up to the Create-a-thon. 
3) One year of coding experience is helpful but not required. 
Applicants may be asked to send their most recent official or unofficial transcript. 
 Nas8NJAnZ7 SureStart 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Remote Jobs at SureStart in Remote Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from SureStart Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
