
 
 
 
 Sr. R&D Staff Geospatial Artificial Intelligence - Oak Ridge, TN 37830 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. R&D Staff Geospatial Artificial Intelligence Oak Ridge National Laboratory 204 reviews Oak Ridge, TN 37830 Oak Ridge National Laboratory 204 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Requisition Id 4575 
 
Position Overview 
The National Security Sciences Directorate at Oak Ridge National Laboratory leads scientific and technological breakthroughs to confront some of the nation’s most difficult security challenges. We develop interdisciplinary applications needed for the security of our nation today and target our vision on how these challenges may manifest themselves in a decade or more. 
 
Our research and development focuses on cybersecurity and cyber physical resiliency, data analytics, geospatial science and technology, nuclear nonproliferation, and high-performance computing for sensitive national security missions. We also enhance ORNL contributions to national security challenges by working closely with leading researchers at the lab in areas such as nuclear and chemical sciences and engineering, applied materials, advanced manufacturing, biosecurity, transportation, and computing. 
 
We are currently seeking qualified applicants for a Senior R&D Staff position in Geospatial Artificial Intelligence within our Geographic Data Science Section and GeoAI group. The position requires strong skills in computer science, optimization and machine learning for high performance computing including representation learning, hyperparameter optimization and distributed deep learning for geospatial applications. 
 The position affords the unique opportunity to work with a talented interdisciplinary team of R&D professionals, build new research directions; advancing GeoAI systems for computing on multi-platforms, advancing stochastic network architecture search methods, developing network compression algorithms to enable deep learning computing on the edge, cloud and high performance computing environments. The Geographic Data Science Section develops sensor technologies, analytical methods and models that collect, integrate, analyze and derive value from spatiotemporal data. 
Within the GeoAI group, you will develop novel methods for machine learning application in large scale space-time analytics and multi-modal data fusion, take advantage of the world’s most robust high-performance computing and and cloud computing platforms, aim for big geospatial science opportunities to support critical national security missions. 
 
Major Duties and Responsibilities: 
Initiate, lead and perform independent and impactful R&D on an ongoing basis as evidenced by, for example, innovative S&T artifacts delivered to sponsors, publications, successful proposals, technical presentations and technology demonstrations, professional community engagement, inventions/patents/copyrights, etc. 
Publish in top tier conferences (including SuperComputing, ACM SIGSPATIAL) 
Develop and implement plans to exploit new opportunities and/or expand existing research efforts. 
Provide relevant input to assist the R&D Group Lead and Section Head with staff development while providing direct and impactful guidance to staff on regular basis. 
Lead by example through exercising scientific integrity in proposing, performing, and communicating research. 
Lead by example to ensure all work is carried out safely, securely, and in compliance with ORNL policies, standards, and procedures. 
Exemplify a commitment to excellence in research, operations, and community engagement, and work cooperatively to leverage scientific capabilities across ORNL. 
Advance the reputation of the group members and standing of the group as a whole through establishing collaborations, professional society leadership and involvement, and organization of technical events at major conferences. 
Lead research projects to formulate stochastic network architecture search problems; develop state-of-the-art learning techniques to expand machine learning for high performance computing and cloud computing, developing network compression algorithms to enable deep learning on edge devices. 
Work in a highly collaborative environment with data scientists, machine learning scientists, remote sensing scientists, engineers, physicists and geographers to deliver systems from prototyping to production level. 
 
Basic Requirements: 
Requires a Ph.D. with a minimum of 6 years relevant experience, a M.S. with a minimum of 12 years experiences, B.S. with 15 years of experience and a focus on computer science, electrical and computer engineering, applied mathematics, machine learning or related fields. 
Experience programming in Python, C, C++ or other production languages, using tools like TensorFlow, PyTorch, Apache Spark. 
Qualified candidates should have demonstrated experience in machine learning for high performance computing and geographic data science related research areas. 
Experience in prototyping and deploying models on GPU accelerated high performance computing platforms. 
Excellent interpersonal skills with a demonstrated leadership ability and a strong commitment to a teaming environment. 
Strong written and oral communication skills. 
 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience working with large spatio-temporal datasets, remote sensing imagery and time series analysis. 
Experience in optimization methods, machine learning, applied mathematics, statistical learning methods. 
Experience with stochastic network architecture search algorithms. 
Good overall knowledge of Linux, OPENMPI, Bash, Csh and Bourne Scripts. 
Hands-on experience with training machine learning models on high performance computing infrastructures with GPU accelerators. 
Demonstrated track record in national and/or international engagements in activities to advance machine learning for high performance computing. 
Experience working for or collaborating with DOE National Laboratories, academic institutions, other research organizations and the private sector. 
Strong drive to learn new topics and skills, to develop innovative products for our customers, and build new programs to expand our capability. 
 
Special Requirement: 
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a clearance from the Department of Energy. As such, this position is a Workplace Substance Abuse (WSAP) testing designated position. WSAP positions require passing a pre-placement drug test and participation in an ongoing random drug testing program. 
 
A Senior R&D Staff at ORNL brings together a group of peers with the primary goals of pursuing global scientific leadership in their field and developing strategies to build a world class research capability. This position reports to a Group Leader and works closely with R&D Section Heads to implement the group’s scientific vision; develop group members to enable their career advancement; establish capabilities that enable programs to excel at the forefront of science and technology; perform R&D to advance the field of knowledge and/or technology in one’s respective specialty; sets, implements, and models standards for performance of work consistent with Environment, Safety, Security, Health, and Quality (ESH&Q) requirements and business rules; and ensures a diverse and inclusive work environment where every employee feels safe, heard, and appreciated—a workplace that sets an example for the broader community. 
 
Our commitment to diversity:  As we strive to become the world’s premier research institution in the sciences and technologies that underpin critical national security missions, we are committed to creating an inclusive environment that highly values a diverse workforce. We recognize that a breadth of perspectives, insights, and experiences are necessary to drive the level of innovation and discovery that is mission critical to national security sciences. Our commitment extends beyond our workforce to the next generation of researchers with STEM education outreach that seeks to engage a diverse range of students. 
 
This position will remain open for a minimum of 5 days after which it will close when a qualified candidate is identified and/or hired. 
We accept Word (.doc, .docx), Adobe (unsecured .pdf), Rich Text Format (.rtf), and HTML (.htm, .html) up to 5MB in size. Resumes from third party vendors will not be accepted; these resumes will be deleted and the candidates submitted will not be considered for employment. 
If you have trouble applying for a position, please email ORNLRecruiting@ornl.gov. 
ORNL is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants, including individuals with disabilities and protected veterans, are encouraged to apply. UT-Battelle is an E-Verify employer. Oak Ridge National Laboratory 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior R&D Engineer jobs in Oak Ridge, TN Jobs at Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Oak Ridge, TN Senior R&D Engineer salaries in Oak Ridge, TN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Oak Ridge National Laboratory Oak Ridge National Laboratory 204 reviews Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) provides exceptional researchers with distinctive equipment and unique facilities to solve some of t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
