
 
 
 
 Junior/Mid Artificial Intelligence or Machine Learning Engineer - Fredericksburg, VA 22406 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Junior/Mid Artificial Intelligence or Machine Learning Engineer SimVentions, Inc 16 reviews Fredericksburg, VA 22406 SimVentions, Inc 16 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description SimVentions, consistently voted one of Virginia's Best Places to Work, is looking for a  Junior to Mid-level Artificial Intelligence or Machine Learning Engineer  to join our team! Ideal candidates will have 1-5 years of experience in Systems or Software Engineering with some experience with Artificial Intelligence or Machine Learning engineering. This engineer would work in a team environment to help lead and guide the life cycle systems engineering activities in the areas of design and development for surveillance systems being developed by the DoD. This position will support engineering activities to achieve milestone decisions, develop concept of operations documentation and initial system design, and create functional and allocated requirements. 
Responsibilities: 
Assist AI team in determining best Machine Learning methods to apply in the development of DoD Surveillance system, GBOSS device 
Assist team to adapt cutting edge AI research into robust software implementations and the development of information sharing between existing and future surveillance systems 
Assist in the planning and execution to Implement, and train ML models; as well as the execution and monitoring experimental development 
Work with Engineering Teams to integrate and adapt AI/ML capabilities into National Security and Defense Surveillance Systems 
Required Skills & Experience:  Candidate will have one to five years of demonstrated experience in the field of systems or software engineering with some significant experience or course work in AI/ML engineering. 
Preferred Skills & Experience: 
Strong experience with AI/ML through demonstrated work or education.
 Ideal candidate would have experience developing pattern recognition algorithms for video and other visual sensor systems 
Education:  A Bachelor’s of Science (BS) degree from an accredited college or university in an engineering, scientific, or technical discipline with emphasis on AI/ML disciplines. 
Minimum Clearance:  Interim Clearance 
Location:  Fredericksburg, Quantico 
Why Work for SimVentions? 
SimVentions is about more than just being a fun place to work. We are a family of like-minded individuals who care for, support and encourage each other. We are here to imagine, create, explore, discover, and do great things together. 
Support Our Warfighters 
SimVentions is a proud supporter of the U.S. military, and we take pride in our ability to provide relevant, game-changing solutions to our armed men and women around the world. 
Drive Customer Success 
We deliver solutions that go beyond the expected. This means you can expect to work with a team that will do whatever it takes to ensure our customers are successful and happy with our results. 
Get Involved in Giving Back 
We believe that one of the best ways to be a well-rounded company is to have well-rounded employees, and one of the ways we encourage that is by providing a wide range of service opportunities for our team members throughout the year. 
Build Innovative Technology 
SimVentions takes pride in it's innovative and cutting edge technology, so you can be sure that whatever project you work on, you will be having a direct impact on our customer’s success. 
Work with Brilliant People 
At SimVentions, we don’t just hire the smartest people. We hire experienced, creative individuals who are passionate about what they do, and who embody the culture that we have created here. 
Create Meaningful Solutions 
We always have a wide variety of challenging, meaningful problems to solve at SimVentions, which span the whole range of our six core disciplines. 
Employees who join SimVentions will enjoy benefits like: 
The impact benefit – work on projects that directly impact the safety of our country 
The purpose benefit – be part of something bigger where our profits help the needy 
The co-worker benefit – work with the best and brightest people in the business 
The dress code benefit – business casual. We like to be comfortable while we work 
The healthcare benefits – one of the best packages in the industry 
The bacon benefit – if the CEO eats the last piece of bacon you get to blast him with Nerf darts 
The breakfast benefit – the “C’s” fix you breakfast once a year 
The food benefits – we have a lot of food around here 
Other Perks: 
On-site Chaplain and prayer room 
Lots of employee-appreciation events throughout the year 
Excellent working facilities and tools to get your job done 
Regular communication (“All-Hands”, “SimV Share”, “Imagineering Day”) to stay connected to SimV culture, stay abreast of what is happening in the company, and meet new faces while eating good food 
SimVentions sports teams and workout groups 
Employee led interest groups for personal and professional development 
What you bring to the table… 
FTAC 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities 
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c) SimVentions, Inc 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Fredericksburg, VA Jobs at SimVentions in Fredericksburg, VA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Fredericksburg, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from SimVentions, Inc SimVentions, Inc 16 reviews SimVentions is about more than just being a fun place to work. We are a family of like-minded individuals who care for, support, and enco... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
