
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor, Business Analytics - Tacoma, WA 98402 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor, Business Analytics University of Washington 1,184 reviews Tacoma, WA 98402 University of Washington 1,184 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Tenure track Full Job Description Position Overview 
 
 Organization:  Milgard School of Business 
 
Title:  Assistant Professor, Business Analytics 
 
 Position Details 
 Position Description 
 
The Milgard School of Business at the University of Washington Tacoma invites applications for an experienced Tenure Track Assistant Professor in business analytics. This full-time position has a 9-month service period and begins September 2021 (Autumn Quarter). 
 
We seek candidates that will contribute as engaged colleagues to serve our growing school and campus. The successful candidate will be expected to perform high quality research and teach a variety of business analytics courses at the undergraduate and graduate levels, and be willing to provide service to the university, the business school, and the community. 
 
One of three campuses of the University of Washington, UW Tacoma is an urban-serving university that shares the University of Washington’s commitment to high quality teaching and research and is committed to participating in the educational, cultural, and economic development of the South Puget Sound. Located largely in renovated historical buildings in Tacoma’s downtown warehouse district, UW Tacoma serves students from diverse racial, ethnic and cultural populations. UW Tacoma’s commitment to equity and inclusion is central to maintaining an atmosphere wherein students, staff, faculty, and residents find abundant opportunities for intellectual, personal and professional growth. 
 
The Milgard School of Business, named in recognition of a multi-million dollar gift from the Milgard family, enjoys strong relationships with businesses and the South Puget Sound community. The School’s Center for Leadership and Social Responsibility and Center for Business Analytics offer opportunities for teaching, research and community outreach related to its mission. The AACSB-accredited Milgard School currently has more than 650 students in its undergraduate, MBA, Masters in Accounting (MAcc), Masters in Business Analytics (MSBA), and Masters in Cybersecurity and Leadership (MCL) programs, in addition to undergraduate minor in business data analytics. Additional information about the Milgard School of Business can be found at http://www.tacoma.uw.edu/business. 
 
Qualifications 
 
Qualifications: 
 
 Doctoral degree (PhD) (or foreign equivalent) in Business Analytics, Management Information Systems/Technology, Operations Management, Data Science, Industrial & Systems Engineering, Computer Science and other fields with a substantial focus on data analytics. 
 Experience in curriculum development and/or teaching in multiple modalities, including online, hybrid and/or in-person. 
 A record of effective teaching and sustained, successful research in data analytics. 
 Teaching experience in one or more of these areas: business intelligence/analytics, data/text mining, database management, business process management, prescriptive analytics, analytical decision-making, machine learning, cognitive analytics, artificial intelligence, cybersecurity analytics, information systems/technology, R and/or Python Programming, cloud services for analytics and supply chain/logistics analytics 
 
 
Positive factors for consideration include, but are not limited to: 
 
 Practical real world experience in information systems/technology and/or business analytics 
 Quality research with a clear program of future research potential 
 At least one year experience teaching in an urban-serving campus environment with a diverse student body, many of whom are first generation college students 
 Instructions 
 
All application materials must be submitted through Interfolio at http://apply.interfolio.com/81089 as pdf documents. The application deadline is January 18, 2021 and the position will remain open until filled. Required materials include: 
 
 A cover letter describing academic qualifications, research interests, and experience for this position with reference to your experience and teaching effectiveness. Applicants’ statements should detail how their teaching, service and/or scholarship has supported the success of students from racial, ethnic, and gender backgrounds that are underrepresented in their academic field; applicants who have not yet had the opportunity for such experiences should note how their work will further UW Tacoma’s commitment to equity and inclusion. Applicants are also encouraged to highlight ways in which they might contribute to the urban-serving mission of the campus. 
 A curriculum vitae. 
 Evidence of teaching effectiveness (e.g. copies of student evaluations) 
 At least three letters of reference. 
 A sample research paper 
 
 Questions can be directed to the chair of the search committee, Haluk Demirkan, at haluk@uw.edu. 
 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
 
University of Washington is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All 
 qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, 
 religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, genetic information, 
 gender identity or expression, age, disability, or protected veteran status. University of Washington 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Tacoma, WA Jobs at University of Washington in Tacoma, WA Assistant Professor salaries in Tacoma, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Washington University of Washington 1,184 reviews The University of Washington, commonly referred to as Washington or informally U-Dub, or locally as UW is a public flagship research univ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
