
 
 
 
 ASIC Design Engineer - New College Graduate - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ASIC Design Engineer - New College Graduate NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are now looking for an ASIC Design Engineer for our industry leading Memory Controllers.
 As a Design Engineer at NVIDIA, you'll join a group of passionate engineers to design and implement state of the art Memory Controllers for our GPUs. In this position, you'll make a real impact in a dynamic, technology-focused company. Your work will impact product lines ranging from consumer graphics to self-driving cars and the growing field of artificial intelligence. We've crafted a team of outstanding people stretching around the globe, whose mission is to push the frontiers of what is possible today and define the computing platforms of tomorrow.
 What you'll be doing:
 As a member of our Memory Subsytem Design team, you will collaborate with architects, software engineers, and circuit designers to and deliver a world-class solution. NVIDIA Memory controllers are among the industry's most complex because of the many protocols that are supported and the stringent requirements of our high end graphics controllers.
 In this position, you will have the opportunity to be responsible for the micro-architecture and design including RTL design, synthesis, functional verification and timing analysis using leading edge CAD tools and using the latest process technologies.
 What we need to see:
 You are pursuing BS or MS or equivalent experience in EE/CS or related
 Minimum GPA: 3.5
 You have an impeccable hardware engineering background with a concentration in VLSI and/or Computer Architecture.
 Exposure to Digital systems and VLSI design, Computer Architecture, Computer Arithmetic, C/C++ programming languages, CMOS transistors and circuits is required.
 Strengths in Verilog/VHDL and C or Perl are a big plus.
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. Are you creative and autonomous? Do you love the challenge of crafting the highest performance & lowest power silicon possible? If so, we want to hear from you. Come, join our Memory Subsystem Design Team and help build the real-time, cost-effective computing platform driving our success in this exciting and quickly growing field.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Design Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Design Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
