
 
 
 
 SRE – Service Reliability Engineer - Irving, TX 75062 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SRE – Service Reliability Engineer Citi 18,115 reviews Irving, TX 75062 Citi 18,115 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Service Reliability Engineer(SRE) for NA Digital platforms.
 This position will have global scope and accountability. It will drive service improvements in function and efficiency, and reduction in error rate through automation of IT services delivered and/or executed by Global Production Management in support of Global consumer group(GCG) customers worldwide. 
The position is a senior technical role to help in the creation of ultra-scalable and extremely reliable software systems emphasizing the reliability factor in the product management lifecycle. Responsible for availability, latency, performance, efficiency, change management, monitoring, emergency response, and capacity planning. Key focus is automation 
The role requires clear understanding of SRE fundamentals, with an ability to communicate at a leadership level to senior executives at Citi with operational excellence mindset 
Job Location- Irving, US & Jacksonville, Florida 
Responsibilities - 
Responsible of IT Service Automation to reduce cost, reduce risk, improve efficiency and enable Service Management to keep up ever increasing volume of with fast pace of newer technologies due to agile and Next Gen Architecture. 
Drive development of automation strategy in line with corporate standards and tools. 
Drive and implement rigorous quality standards for all aspects of the automation delivery from initial concept to final implementation. 
Continually evolve the working practices within and services provided by Production Management (regionally and globally) to improve efficiency and productivity. 
Continuous forward compatibility and acquisition of competency around automation, Artificial Intelligence, Robotics Process Automation, predictive analytics, etc. 
Decision analytics and technology platforms to deliver immediate results and long-term business impact 
Develop predictive models that will form the basis of information-driven strategies executed with respect to services provided by Production Management. 
Ability to conduct blameless problem management/post mortem phase of major incidents, develop executive briefings, assess major incident impacts and drive service improvements to prevent repeat of an incident. 
Qualifications 
10+ years of experience and an understanding of the IT environment to include applications, associated infrastructure (network, servers, Data Centers, etc.) 
5+ years of experience required in microservices , APIs and middleware development and support using cloud platforms-AWS, Pivotal Cloud foundry, Gemfire, API’s. 
Experience required in Web-enabled application development, Spring boot, Linux/Unix Navigation and Administration, Java script, Java, HTML, CSSXML. 
Experience in Robotic Process Automation and Artificial Intelligence technology platforms. Hands on experience in Python programming language. 
Knowledge of service management and service performance tools - including ticket, change, and incident management. 
Successful experience managing service performance of production environments with a focus on meeting/exceeding established Service Level Objectives. 
Experience in monitoring products like Splunk, Wily and App Dynamics is required Middleware experience in Tibco, Solace messaging is preferred. 
Strong analytical skills in support of production issue resolution and root cause identification. 
Strong organizational skills to manage a variety of work areas and cross team engagements. 
Strong communication and presentation skills with the ability to communication complex topics to a diverse audience 
- 
Job Family Group:
 Technology 
- 
Job Family: 
Applications Support 
- 
Time Type: 
- 
Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. 
Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran. 
Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity review  Accessibility at Citi . 
View the " EEO is the Law " poster. View the  EEO is the Law Supplement . 
View the  EEO Policy Statement . 
View the  Pay Transparency Posting Citi 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Reliability Engineer jobs in Irving, TX Jobs at Citi in Irving, TX Reliability Engineer salaries in Irving, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Citi Citi 18,115 reviews Citi is today's pre-eminent financial services company and was built to create a highly diversified financial services company that could... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
