
 
 
 
 Administrative Coordinator - Las Vegas, NV 89119 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Administrative Coordinator Sitel 11,611 reviews Las Vegas, NV 89119 Sitel 11,611 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Learn, Lead & Grow at Sitel Group® 
 We believe experiences are everything, and that happy associates are successful ones. That’s why we give our people the tools and the freedom to learn, grow, have fun and be themselves. 
 
 GROW AS YOU GO. We invest in you, with internal programs, training and initiatives to develop your skills and help you reach your goals. We promote from within. We provide you with the tools, skills and resources to develop, both professionally and personally. You choose where you want to go; we help you get there. 
 BE BOLD, BE YOU. #SitelLife represents our commitment to our people -to YOU. It's about coming exactly as you are. We empower everyone to live their truth, be themselves and use their voice -and we give them a platform to do so. 
 WORK TOGETHER TO MAKE AN IMPACT. We strive to make the world a better place and empower others to do the same. We are mission-driven -and we leverage the power of our people to make a positive impact in the communities in which we live and work. 
 GAIN STABILITY, EXPAND POSSIBILITIES. We celebrate successes and reward our people for the hard work they do every day. We offer benefits to keep you healthy and happy, such as paid time off and referral bonuses. Plus, fun perks like employee discounts. 
 MAXIMIZE YOUR EXPERIENCE. We value open, honest and constructive conversation. We encourage you to speak up -and we listen when you do. Through MAX, our global community, we leverage our people's innovative ideas, experiences and feedback to shape and drive the future of Sitel Group. 
 
 About Sitel Group® 
 As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brands, from Fortune 500 companies to local startups, to design, build and deliver a competitive edge across all customer touchpoints. 
 
 With our award-winning culture built on 35+ years of industry-leading experience and commitment to improving the employee experience, we improve business results by pairing innovative design thinking and digital solutions – including self-service, artificial intelligence (AI), automation and data-driven analytics – with the expertise, emotion and empathy of our people to Create Connection. Value Conversation. 
 
 SUMMARY OF RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Welcomes and greets visitors, applicants, clients, and associates. 
 Answers and routes any calls received through the main switchboard. 
 Supports the recruiting and employment process, initiates applicants participation in the online job application, pre-employment testing, and related screening tasks as directed. 
 May manage mail services, supply procurement, and provide a variety of administrative duties to support the site and the HR team. 
 
 POSITION QUALIFICATIONS 
 Demonstrated ability to greet all visitors in a positive, welcoming and courteous manner. 
 Ability to multitask and be attentive to detail while using basic working knowledge of general office equipment and administrative practices. 
 Efficient ways of routing/resolving specific calls and visitors. 
 Advanced knowledge/use of Microsoft Office programs (PowerPoint, Excel, Word), along with organizational and exceptional interpersonal and communication (verbal and written) skills. 
 Must be able to actively manage several functions/projects consecutively.
 Outgoing personality and ability to remain calm and professional in all situations is a must. 
 Quantity and maintenance of supply orders. 
 Organization of reception area. 
 Advise job applicants of the general process. 
 
 WORK EXPERIENCE 
 Six months or more experience in a reception, secretarial or administrative support position in a customer service environment. 
 Basic typing/computer skills required with knowledge of MS Office products preferred. 
 
 Education 
 High school diploma or equivalent. Sitel 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Administrative Coordinator jobs in Las Vegas, NV Jobs at Sitel in Las Vegas, NV Administrative Coordinator salaries in Las Vegas, NV Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sitel Sitel 11,611 reviews As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brand... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
