
 
 
 
 Principal Integrated Digital Intelligence Developer - Goleta, CA 93117 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Integrated Digital Intelligence Developer Raytheon Intelligence & Space 145 reviews Goleta, CA 93117 Remote Raytheon Intelligence & Space 145 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Businesses  Raytheon Intelligence & Space 
 Clearance type  Secret 
 Relocation eligible  Yes 
 Ability to Telecommute  Part time telecommuting 
 Job ID  180005BR 
 Most Recent Date Posted  05/06/2021 
 City  Goleta 
 State  CA 
 Country  United States 
 *****POSITION: Principal Integrated Digital Intelligence Developer****** 
 
The Raytheon Intelligence and Space (RI&S) Advanced Manufacturing, Modernization, and Technology (AMMT) team is seeking an enthusiastic, highly motivated and innovative team member to perform a variety of software development, reporting, analytics and IT/OT functions on the Integrated Digital Intelligence team. 
 
This individual will be working closely with the Factory Automation Engineering teams in multiple locations across the US and will report to the Digital Factory Manager. The sites include El Segundo (CA), McKinney (TX), Forest (MS), Santa Barbara County (CA), and Largo (FL), in addition to operations and automation engineers from other Raytheon business units.
 
 
The ideal candidate will have a proven track record of software design, development, integration, documentation and testing projects, demonstrate strong data analytics and visualization skills, excellent written and verbal communication skills, and a creative, innovative mindset. Candidate will have demonstrated ability to lead a small team through all phases of a project as well as experience mentoring others. 
 
 Key Responsibilities Include: 
Learning, supporting, developing then designing within the SAS Digital Factory, IoT and SCADA systems. The candidate is expected to become an authority in this system within the first 6 months. 
Designing, documenting, programming, integrating and maintaining software utilized by the factory for both physical and digital automation control. 
Contribute to both major projects with an integrated development team as well as have primary responsibility for systematic improvements to internal team processes. 
Analyze and correlate large, complex data sets and provide information reports to users for further analysis
 Ensure data integrity to be utilized by data visualization solutions using software such as (but not limited to) Splunk, Ignition, and Microsoft Power BI. 
Examine data from various platforms and multiple disparate or integrated data sources, merge structured and unstructured data, and develop and execute analytics reports and visualization toolsets. 
Partner with parties across business functions to achieve project goals. 
Required Skills: 
Minimum of 10 years of prior relevant experience in software design and development using LabVIEW, TestStand, Python or other programming languages. 
Experience in at least two of the following: distributed controls, cyber security, creating web applications, data analytics, computer vision, artificial intelligence, IT infrastructure integration or other related field.
 Experience in object-oriented design and data structures and a good understanding of client-server architecture. 
Strong data analytics skills with the ability to prepare, process, analyze, and visualize significant amounts of information from multiple data sources while keeping the big picture in mind
 Experience in algorithm design, problem solving and diagnosis. 
Ability to interpret end user needs to generate requirements for both software and reporting and create design specifications.
 Familiarity with Industry 4.0 / Smart Factory concepts.
 Understanding of Lean principles and terminology, Six Sigma, and/or agile scrum.
 U.S. Citizenship is required as the position will require the ability to access US only data systems 
The ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. Secret Security Clearance
 U.S. Citizenship is required as only U.S. citizens are eligible for a security clearance
 US Citizenship is required as only U.S. Citizens are eligible for a security clearance
 
 US Citizenship is required as the position will require the ability to access US only data systems 
 
 
 
 
 Desired Skills: 
Experience working in an aerospace manufacturing environment. 
Experience with data visualization utilizing data analytics, AI or machine learning. 
Familiarity with cyber and/or cyber-physical systems security protocols. 
Team lead experience 
Ability to support the manufacturing floor during troubleshooting and sustainment. 
Proficient on MES (Manufacturing Execution Systems). 
Experience with Transactional Automation (use of API, XML, OData). 
Understanding of networking concepts (i.e.TCP/IP). 
Ability to collaborate with automation suppliers and integrators. 
Experience or education in systems engineering and application to automation systems.
 Experience with automation systems (robots, vision systems, PLCs, etc.).
 Required Education: 
Bachelor in Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics
 Desired Education:
 Master’s in Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics
 180005
 
Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. Raytheon 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Developer jobs in Goleta, CA Jobs at Raytheon Intelligence & Space in Goleta, CA Business Intelligence Developer salaries in Goleta, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Raytheon Intelligence & Space Raytheon Intelligence & Space 145 reviews Raytheon Intelligence &amp; Space specializes in developing advanced sensors, training, and cyber and software solutions — delivering the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
