
 
 
 
 Brand Ambassador / Promoter - Smart Carts in Stores Seattle (flex hours/contract role) - Bothell, WA 98011 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Brand Ambassador / Promoter - Smart Carts in Stores Seattle (flex hours/contract role) Caper Bothell, WA 98011 Job details Salary $22 an hour Job Type Part-time Contract Full Job Description Did you know the average person will spend 5 years of their lifetime waiting in lines? At Caper, we believe that time is a valuable thing. So why waste it waiting in lines? Our new Smart Cart, powered by artificial intelligence, allows users to simply shop, pay on the cart and go. No more waiting in lines! We want to revolutionize the way people shop and change that statistic forever.
 It’s an exciting time for our company as we grow throughout stores in New York and beyond. And we’re looking for someone like YOU to ensure our customers have a great time while utilizing our technology.
 About the Role:
 Brand Ambassador is a critical role at Caper, as they serve as the integral link between the customer and the development of the product. You will help improve the product based on feedback real users provide in the field.
 As the Brand Ambassador, you will be the face of the Caper Cart and be the first impression for our brand and the stores we represent.
 Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
 Engaging with customers as they enter the store; demonstrate how the Caper products works
 Assisting customers throughout their experience to ensure their journey is smooth and seamless from start to finish
 Acting as the go-to resource for all customer needs by ameliorating customer issues as they arise
 Training store staff on how to use the Caper products
 Gathering feedback from customers on their experience day to day and during user testing
 Communicating data/feedback with product team and engineers to improve the Cart as it evolves
 You are:
 Friendly, personable, able to build lasting relationships with customers and store staff
 Willing to go out of your way to help the customer, to provide exceptional customer service in order to drive usage and ensure the customer is as satisfied as possible so they want to use the Cart again and again
 Able to think on your feet and problem solve on the spot as issues arise
 Ambitious, sales driven, and willing to grow at a small technology start-up
 Interested in technology and how technology shapes the retail landscape
 You have:
 Any previous working experience as an on-site promoter, or in retail and/or customer service
 Customer-oriented approach
 Demonstrated experienced driving exceptional customer service
 This role provides flexible hours and scheduling
 Min commitment:  20-30 hours per week, no limit as to max!
 Compensation:  $22 / hour + bonus for meeting targets! Caper 1 day ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Brand Ambassador jobs in Bothell, WA Jobs at Caper in Bothell, WA Brand Ambassador salaries in Bothell, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Caper Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
