
 
 
 
 Computational Multiphysics Engineer - Los Alamos, NM - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Computational Multiphysics Engineer Los Alamos National Laboratory 271 reviews Los Alamos, NM Los Alamos National Laboratory 271 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. What You Will Do
 The work we do at Los Alamos National Laboratory delivers science, engineering, applied mathematics, and technology to protect our nation and promote world stability. In the Advanced Engineering Analysis Group (W-13) we lead the development of computational engineering solutions and expertise in support of national security challenges.
 We strive to provide our national security customers with timely and accurate answers to complex engineering problems by creatively combining cutting-edge numerical tools across collaborative teams. Our customers include the nuclear weapons program, the Department of Homeland Security, and the Department of Defense, among others. Our group expertise includes structural mechanics, structural dynamics, heat transfer, radiation transport, thermodynamics, hydrodynamics, probabilistic methods, material modeling, and numerical analysis.
 R&D Engineer 2 ($94,100 - $155,700)
 We have a need for expertise in development and application of multi-physics approaches to address complex, novel engineering challenges to advance engineering science as well as to address practical questions related to the broad disciplines and customers listed above. As a competitive candidate you will have proven experience with the development and application of multi-physics methods and codes, particularly in large-scale computing environments. You will work collaboratively with test leads, system engineers, and other analysts to develop, validate, apply models and workflows, and communicate results to customers and stakeholders. You will also work collaboratively with workflow developers to guide capability requirements and perform engineering analysis studies. Team collaborations will be facilitated via software productivity tools (e.g., Confluence and git).
 R&D Engineer 3 ($113,100 - $190,900)
 In addition to what was described at the R&D Engineer 2 level, at the R&D Engineer 3 level will be expected to lead collaborative teams in technical work and lead brainstorming sessions across disciplines and perspectives to find the best analysis approach. You will be expected to define and execute strategic plans with both team members and customers to maintain and improve system model capabilities while also developing key future capabilities that enable us to support the LANL mission. 
 
 
 What You Need
 Minimum Job Requirements:
 Engineering Expertise
 A documented record of technical achievement in a relevant engineering discipline, such as mechanical, structural, civil, nuclear, aerospace, metallurgy, or material science; ability to perform engineering analysis at an appropriate level ranging from hand calculations through system-level modeling. Creative thinking showing an ability to span multiple space and time scales will be required.
 Computational Skills
 Experience with the development and/or application of computational engineering methods and tools, particularly in parallel computing environments; experience with mesh generation practices; deep experience in computational methods and use of open-source programming languages and libraries. Knowledge of publication-quality 2D visualization methods with 3D visualization experience a plus.
 Communication and Teamwork
 Demonstrated strong oral and written communication skills, particularly in technical reports, presentations, and released code; experience defining and meeting deliverable deadlines, both independently and as part of a team.
 Additional Job Requirements for R&D 3:
 In addition to the requirements outlined above, qualification at the higher level requires:
 Relevant Work Experience
 Significant amount (> 5 years) of experience performing complex engineering analyses or related R&D, preferably at both component- and system-levels. First-author publication of scientific journal articles or project leadership reports.
 Technical Leadership
 Demonstrated experience leading engineering analysis teams, strategic planning and/or proposal development, integrating and coordinating interdisciplinary work, and working with customers and other stakeholders to define analysis tasks and plan deliverables.
 Education for R&D Engineer 2:  Position requires a Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering from an ABET accredited institution and 4 years of related experience; or, an equivalent combination of education and experience directly related to the occupation.
 Education for R&D Engineer 3:  Position requires a Master’s Degree in Engineering from an ABET accredited institution and 6 years of related experience; or, an equivalent combination of engineering education and experience directly related to the occupation. At this level a Ph.D. may be preferred.
 Desired Qualifications:
 Verification and Validation
 Demonstrated experience with the verification and/or validation of complex computational models and simulation results. For example, use of idealized models to illustrate physical phenomena to explain experimental data. Use of quantatitive metrics to assess model performance.
 Statistical and/or Probabilistic Analysis
 Demonstrated experience with the application of statistical and/or probabilistic methods within the context of engineering analysis. Experience with machine learning and artificial intelligence approaches, particularly within a V&V context, is preferred.
 Experience with Programming and/or Code Development
 Experience with usage and/or code development in modern programming languages (e.g. Python, C++, MatLab, Julia) and their application to scientific computing (e.g. automation, pre/post processing, data analysis, file I/O, parallel computing, BitBucket, GitLab, Jira, Jenkins). Experience with, object oriented programming approaches, build systems, unit testing, and wrapped compiled languages (e.g,. wrapped C in python) is desired.
 End-to-end, “Full Ftack” Project Experience
 Demonstrated end-to-end project experience from conception, to conceptual planning, to design, to build/deployment, to testing, to analysis and publication is preferred. An ideal candidate will be able to meet low- to high-level needs within a project (especially at the R&D 3 level) in order to enable project success, even in the face of unexpected difficulties.
 Active Q Clearance or Equivalent
 DOE Q or DOD Top Secret security clearance within the last five years
 Desired Education at either level:  An MS or PhD in Engineering or a closely related discipline, like physics, metallurgy, material science, computer science, mathematics, etc. is strongly preferred.
 Essential Job Functions (can perform with or without reasonable accommodation):
 Vision-reading vision
 General physical-sitting, standing, walking, bending, stooping
 Weight handling-carrying 10-20 lbs
 Note to Applicants:  For full consideration, applicants must submit a resume and a comprehensive cover letter that specifically addresses each of the requirements.
 Location:  This position will be physically located in Los Alamos, NM.
 Position commitment:  Regular appointment employees are required to serve a period of continuous service in their current position in order to be eligible to apply for posted jobs throughout the Laboratory. If an employee has not served the time required, they may only apply for Laboratory jobs with the documented approval of their Division Leader. The position commitment for this position is 1 year. 
 
 
 Where You Will Work
 Located in beautiful northern New Mexico, Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) is a multidisciplinary research institution engaged in strategic science on behalf of national security. Our generous benefits package includes:
 § PPO or High Deductible medical insurance with the same large nationwide network
 § Dental and vision insurance
 § Free basic life and disability insurance
 § Paid maternity and parental leave
 § Award-winning 401(k) (6% matching plus 3.5% annually)
 § Learning opportunities and tuition assistance
 § Flexible schedules and time off (paid sick, vacation, and holidays)
 § Onsite gyms and wellness programs
 § Extensive relocation packages (outside a 50 mile radius) 
 
 
 Additional Details
 Directive 206.2  - Employment with Triad requires a favorable decision by NNSA indicating employee is suitable under NNSA Supplemental Directive 206.2 . Please note that this requirement applies only to citizens of the United States. Foreign nationals are subject to a similar requirement under DOE Order 142.3A.
 Clearance: Q  (Position will be cleared to this level). Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements* for access to classified matter. 
 *Eligibility requirements: To obtain a clearance, an individual must be at least 18 years of age; U.S. citizenship is required except in very limited circumstances. See DOE Order 472.2 for additional information.
 New-Employment Drug Test:  The Laboratory requires successful applicants to complete a new-employment drug test and maintains a substance abuse policy that includes random drug testing. 
 Regular position:  Term status Laboratory employees applying for regular-status positions are converted to regular status.
 Internal Applicants:  Regular appointment employees who have served the required period of continuous service in their current position are eligible to apply for posted jobs throughout the Laboratory. If an employee has not served the required period of continuous service, they may only apply for Laboratory jobs with the documented approval of their Division Leader. Please refer to Policy Policy P701 for applicant eligibility requirements.
 Equal Opportunity:  Los Alamos National Laboratory is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse and inclusive workforce. All employment practices are based on qualification and merit, without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation or preference, marital status or spousal affiliation, physical or mental disability, medical conditions, pregnancy, status as a protected veteran, genetic information, or citizenship within the limits imposed by federal laws and regulations. The Laboratory is also committed to making our workplace accessible to individuals with disabilities and will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, for individuals to participate in the application and hiring process. To request such an accommodation, please send an email to applyhelp@lanl.gov or call  1-505-665-4444  option 1. 
 
 
 
 
 Appointment Type  Regular
  
 Regular Los Alamos National Laboratory 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Los Alamos, NM Jobs at Los Alamos National Laboratory in Los Alamos, NM Engineer salaries in Los Alamos, NM Company Info Follow Get job updates from Los Alamos National Laboratory Los Alamos National Laboratory 271 reviews Los Alamos National Laboratory is a multidisciplinary research institution engaged in strategic science on behalf of national security. W... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
