
 
 
 
 SAP SD/OTC - St. Louis, MO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SAP SD/OTC Capgemini 8,221 reviews St. Louis, MO Capgemini 8,221 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
SAP Functional Knowledge - 
Responsible for SAP Application Maintenance and Support project activities having expertise in SAP Sales and Distribution Module. Expertise in Pricing, Text Determination, Output Determination, Intercompany Sales, STO processes, Third Party sales, Rebates, Consignment Processing and Order Management.
 This role uses consulting skills, business knowledge, and SAP solution expertise to effectively integrate SAP technology into the client?s business environment in order to achieve client expected business results. 
Knowledge in ABAP debugging is a must. 
IT/SAP experience with deep knowledge in SAP Sales and Distribution in client domain. Must have full lifecycle SAP SD implementation experience (Project Preparation till Go-Live). Must have at least 1 production support experience of global similar size client.
 Experience and knowledge in other integration modules. Knowledge on Interfaces. Ability to analyze problems and provide clear recommendations. Strong organizational skills. Able to collaborate with clients and have a strong desire to excel. Excellent communication skills, written and verbal. Good interpersonal skills. Must be able to work independently as well as a team player and can manage own workload. Able to Multi-task and work under tight deadlines.
 Must be an effective problem solver. Experience writing functional/technical specifications. 
Responsibilities : 
Facilitates the support of SAP SD module, Production break fix issues and maintenance/enhancement changes to ensure stable production environment and enhance the clients? business functionality and overall performance, while maintaining a high degree of customer satisfaction.
 Trouble shooting SAP SD processes related system/process/user issues related to Design, configuration and Master and Transaction data and WRICEF objects, Design, configuration and testing, documentation, training of relevant processes.
 Maintains a thorough knowledge of the organization and adheres to all client and organizational standards. Coordinate with Client stakeholders for day to day work stream operation activities and prioritize the work load as required. Create daily and weekly operation status reports.
 Review and ensure the quality of work stream deliverable including the documentation, Change process compliance .etc. Coordinate with cross work stream and client teams as required. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 26 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Capgemini in St. Louis, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,221 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
