
 
 
 
 Front End Software Engineer I - Phoenix, AZ 85054 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Front End Software Engineer I Choice Hotels 413 reviews Phoenix, AZ 85054 Choice Hotels 413 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The award-winning Choice Hotels Technology Center is revolutionizing hospitality with cloud computing, AWS, big data, machine learning/artificial intelligence, and mobile application development.
 At Choice, we pioneer the exciting intersection of hospitality and technology in support of our successful franchise model. Our culture fosters innovation and encourages disruptive thinking. We welcome and respect your voice, empowering you to learn, grow, and make your impact.
 When you #MakeItYourChoice, you will have the environment, the tools, and momentum to drive your career and organizational success.
 The Role:
 The Software Engineer will perform analytics, design, code, implement and debug an enterprise system’s entire suite of components. You will have the opportunity to work on all phases of a system’s development life cycle with an emphasis on analyzing complex business and technical problems to shape and deliver an entire system’s software components.
 In partnership with the Sr. Development team you will ensure the development process and resultant systems standards are met.
 Your Contributions:
 Proactively identifies problems with requirements (lack of clarity, inconsistencies, technical limitations) for their own work and adjacent work and communicates these issues early to help course-correct.
 Demonstrates the ability to contribute to a software engineering team.
 Communicates technical decision through design docs, tech talks, and wiki articles.
 Communicates effectively cross functions; is able to work well with Product, Design, Analytics, etc. as necessary.
 Delivers complex product to QA that they believe to be well thought out and bug free.
 Mentors junior engineers through pairing, design review and code review. Contributes frequently to sprint demo reviews and retrospectives.
 Requirements:
 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field, from a four-year college or university; or two years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
 1 + years experience with JavaScript frameworks/libraries such as AngularJS, Angular and/or React
 1+ years experience with CSS
 Bonus Skills:
 Agile/Scrum/Kanban workflows
 Knowledge of SEO
 Passion for writing accessible websites
 Familiar with build tools and continuous integration (Gulp/Grunt, Jenkins)
 Working knowledge of Webpack
 AWS knowledge/certification is a plus. 
 ** This role is not eligible for sponsorship **
 Ability to model Choice’s Cultural Values: Welcome and Respect Everyone, Be Bold, Be Quick, Listen, Be Curious and Show Integrity. Choice Hotels 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Front End Developer jobs in Phoenix, AZ Jobs at Choice Hotels in Phoenix, AZ Front End Developer salaries in Phoenix, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Choice Hotels Choice Hotels 413 reviews Choice Hotels:
A Hotel Franchise Company

Thanks to our genuinely outstanding team of associates who serve our franchisees and guests ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
