
 
 
 
 DATA SCIENTIST (USA) - San Francisco Bay Area, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search DATA SCIENTIST (USA) Intelygenz San Francisco Bay Area, CA Job details Salary $130,000 - $150,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Location: 
BAY AREA, UNITED STATES 
Contract: 
FULLTIME 
Category: 
OTHER 
 APPLY NOW 
Refer a friend: 
 The role 
As a data scientist at Intelygenz, your day to day work will be organized in two principal lines: Industry and Laboratory. 
At Industry level, our main delivery is process automation. In this level, our artificial intelligence solutions are focused on automating processes to add business value to our customers. This approach is applied in many different business sectors, since NLP based projects and advanced computer vision to multi-domain anomaly detection. A crucial step in the industry process is the deployment of production ready environments and maintenance 
On the other hand, the goal of our Laboratory is to research and test state-of-the-art techniques and solutions to keep improving our skills and to share with the community our knowledge and proof of concepts. Deep reinforcement learning, NLP revolutionary solutions (as Transformers or BERT) or Brain-Computer-Interface experiments are some examples of our active research lines. 
Requirements 
Would be very cool if you: 
Computer Science background. 
Demonstrable knowledge of Mathematics and Statistics. 
Minimum of two years experience in working on data-based projects. 
Large experience with Python 3 
Experience with cleaning tools and techniques, and data pre-processing. 
Experience with libraries and frameworks like Numpy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, PyTorch/Tensorflow. 
English native speaker or 4 years of experience working in an only English context. 
Strong self-taught and proactivity capabilities. 
Problem-solving and autonomy when facing new challenges. 
Due to the nature of the contract, the position requires a public trust clearance, which requires citizenship status, and qualified candidates must be able to show that they currently meet or can meet the requirement for obtaining a public trust clearance. 
Nice to have: 
Masters degree in Data Science or Artificial Intelligence. 
Experience applying state-of-the-art Artificial Intelligence techniques. 
Large experience in software projects beyond data science. 
Salary Range - $130,000-$150,000 annually 
Why Intelygenz? 
Medical, dental and vision insurance 50% paid by the company 
Access to a Flexible Spending Account (FSA) for health expenses 
Life insurance, Short term disability and Long term disability paid for by Intelygenz Inc 
401(K) with up to 4% employee matching 
Commuter benefits 
20 days vacation plus 8 federal holidays 
Team building events 
Super nice office 
We even design our own t-shirt, one for every anniversary 
Being part of a great team! 
Location: 
BAY AREA, UNITED STATES 
Contract: 
FULLTIME 
Category: 
OTHER 
 APPLY NOW 
Refer a friend: Intelygenz 26 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Jobs at Intelygenz in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Data Scientist salaries in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intelygenz Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
