
 
 
 
 Application Consultant - SAP S4HANA L2 - Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Application Consultant - SAP S4HANA L2 Capgemini 8,221 reviews Palo Alto, CA Capgemini 8,221 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Lead and Manage Projects/engagements along with hands on experience on latest technologies like S/4 HANA on-premise and Cloud products. Will be responsible for successful delivery of the project/service to our client, ensure quality and timely delivery through the project cycle.
 Own technical skill sets to get going from day one of the project or assist other accounts in crisis situations. Should be able to train, mentor and guide other team members. Should exhibit thought leadership in order to support the growth of the Capability. 
Should have hands-on experience on S/4 Migration/conversions, S/4 Green Field Implementations, S/4 Cloud implementation or support, SAP Upgrades using SUM and migration to HANA using DMO. (at least 2 of these) 
General SAP Administration, Activity Planning, SAP Refresh, System Maintenance, SAP System decommission, Space utilization & Management, SAP Patching and SAP Notes Application, Incident Management and resolution 
Understanding/designing complex SAP Landscape, involving multiple New Dimension products. 
Should have good understanding of setting up HA and DR solutions on-prem as well as cloud environments like AWS and AZURE. 
Good operational understanding of cloud environments. 
Well versed with ITIL and Project Life Cycle concepts 
Experience with Pre-Sales and effort estimation is preferred. 
Have expertise in Database management for HANA and a non-HANA DB (ASE/MSSQL/Oracle/DB2) 
Should be able to Lead and manage large teams. 
Requirements : 
Professional certification (preferred SAP S/4 Certified ) 
10+ Years plus of work experience on SAP Basis Administration / Projects 
Strong written and oral communication skills 
Ability to teach, train, and give presentations 
Experience in Client facing role. 
Strong Skills and Knowledge of SAP S/4 Conversions, implementations and Upgrades. 
Implementation experience in latest products and troubleshooting skills in mission critical environments. 
Experience in Project documentation 
Vendor coordination 
Working knowledge on high availability solutions 
Well versed with ITIL and Project Life Cycle frame works 
Good Knowledge on SAP User administration and SAP Security 
Should have strong skills on project planning and scoping 
Should have Strong skills on technial and Solution Architecture 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Application Consultant jobs in Palo Alto, CA Jobs at Capgemini in Palo Alto, CA Application Consultant salaries in Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,221 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
