
 
 
 
 Sr. Manager, Alexa Artificial Intelligence -- New Initiative - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Manager, Alexa Artificial Intelligence -- New Initiative Amazon.com Services LLC 70,030 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon.com Services LLC 70,030 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Experience in partnering with product and program management teams 
 5+ years of people management experience, managing engineers 
 10+ years of relevant engineering experience 
 Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related technical field 
 6+ years relevant engineering experience 
 6+ years experience leading the delivery of APIs and SDKs 
 6+ years experience leading the delivery of services and large-scale distributed systems 
 Technical experience in at least one major technical area of distributed systems, such as scale-out or fault-tolerance 
 6+ years experience leading development life cycle process and best practices 
 6+ years experience mentoring/training the engineering community on technical issues. 
 6+ years design and architecture experience 
 Knowledge with both object oriented and service oriented design patterns 
 6+ years experience designing and developing cloud software services 
 Understanding of design for security, scalability, performance and availability 
 
Opportunity to lead the Artificial Intelligence team behind the smart, instantly familiar, and universal personal assistant -- Alexa. You will be part of the team behind understanding and decision-making. The Artificial Intelligence team is looking for exceptional engineering leaders to be part of a world class team changing the way people develop interact with digital personal assistants anytime and anywhere.
 
You should be somebody who is passionate about customers, and running highly available distributed platform on the Internet. You must enjoy a close-knit team environment of shared responsibility. The ideal candidate will have experience in deep neural networks, and will have developed highly available systems (four nines) over the course of their career.
 
 As part of the team you will: 
 
 Green-field opportunity to create the artificial intelligence platform behind Alexa! 
 Design and build systems that scale across millions of active users and devices. 
 Be in charge of the complete software development lifecycle; defining, prioritizing, designing, building, and testing new features. 
 Learn what it takes to grow and operate a global business at our scale. 
 Provide services that are core to all modern Internet businesses. 
 MS/PhD in Software Engineering or Machine Learning/ Artificial Intelligence 
 8+ years of relevant, broad engineering experience 
 Architectural experience with large scale implementation 
 Excellence in technical communications with both technical and non technical peers 
 Excellent judgment, organizational, and problem-solving skills 
 Exceptional interpersonal communication skill, including verbal, written, listening and customer relationships 
 Proven ability to work across teams and organizations, delivering results through influence 
 
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Manager jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Seattle, WA Senior Manager salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,030 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
