
 
 
 
 Staff Software Engineer, Infrastructure - Boulder, CO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Staff Software Engineer, Infrastructure Google 3,871 reviews Boulder, CO Google 3,871 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $183,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 
 10 years of software development experience, or 8 years with an advanced degree. 
 Software development experience in C/C++, C#, Java, Python or Go. 
 Experience with infrastructure technologies, including architecting/developing distributed systems, concurrency, multithreading and synchronization. 
 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Master’s degree or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical field. 
 15 years of professional software development experience. 
 Technical leadership experience leading project teams and setting technical direction. 
 Experience architecting and developing solutions to ambiguous problems with significant impact. 
 Experience with virtualization/global infrastructure, load balancing, networking, massive data storage, or infrastructure security. 
 Experience with database internals, database language theories, database design, SQL and database programming. 
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 
Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services. 
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. 
 
Additional Information 
 
(Colorado only*) Minimum salary of $183,000 + bonus + equity + benefits.
 
 Note: Disclosure as required by sb19-085 (8-5-20) of the minimum salary compensation for this role when being hired into our offices in Colorado. 
Responsibilities 
 Help build a team and cultivate innovation by driving cross-collaboration and execution of projects across multiple teams.
 Lead designs of major software components, systems, and features. 
 Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve the software. 
 Mentor and train other team members on design techniques, and coding standards. 
 Build our platforms, systems and infrastructure using your background in distributed systems and large-scale storage or networking systems. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Staff Engineer jobs in Boulder, CO Jobs at Google in Boulder, CO Staff Engineer salaries in Boulder, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,871 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
