
 
 
 
 Teams/Skype Engineer - Town and Country, MO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Teams/Skype Engineer US Cloud Town and Country, MO Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description TEAMS/SKYPE ENGINEER 
 
 
US Cloud 
 
Town and Country, MO 
 
 
Join one of the fastest growing companies in America. 
 
US Cloud added to the  Inc 5000 List  – ranking of private companies with the most proven track records. 
Our 100% USA-based, never-outsourced Microsoft Premier Support engineers are the engine that drives US Cloud. And if you want to be recognized and work with the best of the best, our Premier Support team is for you. Engineering at US Cloud isn’t a cost center, it’s a profit center. New engineers coming over from the enterprise or MSP’s are surprised at how different it feels to be the lifeblood of a company vs. an ancillary support service. Simply put, our engineers are corporate IT’s first-responders and we give them the credit and respect they deserve each time they save the day for one of our clients. 
 
 
US Cloud engineers get the most challenging questions from savvy clients like Under Armour, NetApp, Garmin, 24-Hour Fitness, AmeriGas, L.L. Bean, Siemens, and the US Department of State, to name just a few - all of them depending on us to underpin their Microsoft environments and keep them running. When they can’t fix it, they call US Cloud. 
 
 
ABOUT US CLOUD 
 
Our simple mission is to liberate businesses shackled to mediocre, overpriced, and monopolistic Microsoft Support. As a Microsoft Service Provider for 20+ years, Fpweb.net and CyberVault, now US Cloud, has supported 1,000’s of Microsoft clients in over 80 countries. 
 
 
With recent and dramatic changes in Microsoft’s strategy, the demand for high-quality, cost-effective 3rd-party product support has erupted. Simply put, we need more hands-on deck to help manage our current growth and to make the most of this intensifying trend. 
 
 
We replace MSFT Premier/Unified to save enterprises 30-50% on support costs. We provide ultra-responsive, fanatical support from domestic US teams while freeing up funds to invest in innovation, create competitive advantage and drive growth. 
 
 
US Cloud is the only Gartner-recognized Microsoft Support alternative in the world. 
 
 
WHY JOIN US CLOUD? 
 
Snacks, coffee, and gym memberships are great, but what typically gets our engineers excited is learning new things. By design we team folks across technologies, so they cross-pollinate and share information daily – no product silos here. We move engineers in and out of team pods so they don’t get stale. Our engineers knowledge-share via catered lunches and training seminars on hot technologies like Cloud, Artificial Intelligence, and Machine Learning. 
 
 
Plus, opportunities to progress in your career go hand-in-hand with rapidly growing companies. Our team members have more opportunities to shift concentrations, tackle new technologies, or step into leadership roles as our business continues to expand. And because our engineers are at the apex of our company’s focus, you also have a voice – to weigh in and make US Cloud the future you want. 
 
 Must be a subject matter expert in: Teams and Skype for Business On-Prem 
RESPONSIBILITIES 
As a Premier Support Engineer, your focus will be to represent US Cloud in communications via onsite, phone, email, and web to assist clients and partners in deploying, operating, and troubleshooting Microsoft technologies such as Windows server and desktop, Office 365, Azure, SharePoint, Exchange, SQL, Skype, System Center and Dynamics. You will have the opportunity to foster positive client relationships while effectively managing challenging situations and driving client success. 
 Your key business metrics will be to: 
 
 Obtain high client and partner onboarding and ticket satisfaction 
 Drive client success and adoption of Microsoft technologies 
 Reduce time/cost to onboard and resolve tickets 
 Provide high quality data to help drive service improvement 
 
 
Support Management – 50% 
 
 Serve as an escalation point for client tickets. 
 Participate in proactive account management, spot performance issues, analyze problems, develop solutions to meet client needs, represent them. 
 Provides the most effective method of service delivery by analyzing trends and common themes across clients. 
 Create deliverables to address common Premier client needs & support mobile-first, cloud-first strategy, share intellectual property with others. 
 Engages in strategic service delivery planning to strengthen targeted client relationships. 
 Gathers client impressions of products and services and integrates this feedback into decision making. 
 Seeks information about the underlying needs of clients. 
 Allocates and aligns resources to optimize the client experience. 
 Develops and communicates realistic performance goals and standards. 
 Builds plans that consider potential obstacles and immediate and long-term consequences. 
 Demonstrates expertise in a specific solution, or several products, feature functions, or services. 
 Provides stakeholder assistance throughout deployment to avoid/resolve technical issues. 
 
 
Support Execution – Deliver Results through Teamwork & Optimizing Business Results – 35% 
 
 Seeks opportunities to drive business results by collaborating with multiple team members. 
 Identifies opportunities to articulate business value and grow client/partner relationships in alignment with US Cloud business priorities. 
 Provides and drives actionable feedback across groups about the client/partner experience and competitor threats. 
 Modifies existing intellectual property (IP) or, where applicable, creates new content. 
 
 
Leadership and Growing the Business - 15% 
 
 Consistently apply “lessons learned”, model personal accountability & teamwork. 
 Demonstrates an understanding of his or her role and contribution to client change management and adoption initiatives. 
 Understands client requirements and can map the adoption and optimization of Microsoft technology solutions accordingly. 
 Contribute & participate with meetings to articulate Premier offerings to all clients; share knowledge thru communities, adapt for clients. 
 Cultivates relationships, credibility, and loyalty with clients and partners intentionally by sharing relevant business expertise. 
 Demonstrated self-learner. 
 
 
QUALIFICATIONS 
 
Experience: 
 
 5+ Years’ experience in Microsoft Teams 
 5+ Years’ experience in Microsoft Skype 
 Enterprise support for Microsoft Teams, including implementation, administration, and troubleshooting 
 Experience with Skype for Business 2015/2019 Server, Microsoft Teams Exchange Online, or On-prem 
 Knowledge of Networking, TCP options, related tools like Wireshark, Fiddler, etc. 
 Solid PowerShell and Scripting experience 
 Relevant certifications in Microsoft technologies 
 8+ Years’ experience Microsoft technologies 
 5+ Years’ experience in Windows Server 
 Experience in Active Directory/Azure AD and DNS 
 Technical proficiency in and learning attitude towards Microsoft and related technologies 
 Proven ability to work virtually 
 Communication Skills – Spoken and written English (including technical writing) 
 Analytical problem solving 
 
 
Education: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, math preferred. 
Prior Roles: Technical consulting experience, or support experience in a third tier. 
 
 
What it’s Like to Work at US Cloud: 
 
US Cloud has the personality of a high-growth start-up, but we’re built on 20+ years as a successful Microsoft service provider. That brings financial stability and consistency of purpose not seen in most entrepreneurial organizations. 
 
 
At US Cloud, we believe that the kind of culture that helps our team members thrive has a direct result on our clients’ satisfaction. So, to be the leading Microsoft support provider, we focus on fostering a happy, healthy place for you to do your best work. We offer the following: 
 
 
Company Paid Benefits 
 
 
 FREE Medical through our HSA plan 
 Life Insurance of 1x salary 
 Short Term and Long-Term Disability 
 Employee Assistance Program 
 Paid Time Off (PTO) 15 days per year 
 
 
Additional Benefits Offered 
 
 
 Medical PPO plan 
 Dental & Vision coverage 
 Legal Shield (legal & identity theft coverage) 
 
 
Perks 
 
 
 Cell phone & internet stipends paid monthly 
 Dog friendly offices 
 Free Starbucks, soft drinks, and snacks 
 Employee referral program 
 Fun company events 
 Casual dress 
 
 
We are also getting ready to move into our new home –50,000 sq.ft. of office space in Des Peres we own and are building out as a state-of-the-art tech services hub and US Cloud HQ. We are all working from home right now but anticipate being in our new digs early 2022. 
 
 
US Cloud is an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, dietary preferences, gender, sexual orientation, age, fashion sense, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or political leanings. Come as you are. US Cloud 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Town and Country, MO Jobs at US Cloud in Town and Country, MO Engineer salaries in Town and Country, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from US Cloud Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
