
 
 
 
 AI/ML - Machine Learning Scientist, Siri Understanding - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML - Machine Learning Scientist, Siri Understanding Apple 10,187 reviews Seattle, WA Apple 10,187 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  May 6, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200220514 
Play a part in the ongoing revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing through voice interaction. Advance groundbreaking technology for large-scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people all around the world get things done — just by saying ‘Hey Siri.’ Join the Siri team at Apple.
The Siri Understanding team is looking for a machine learning engineer/scientist to develop and advance a frictionless voice invocation experience on Apple’s innovative devices enabling compelling new conversational features for Siri interactions. WYou should be eager to do hands-on work to improve and build features to improve overall Siri capabilities. You should enjoy working in a constantly evolving environment with changing priorities, be passionate about using new technologies to solve real problems and to improve the state of intelligent assistants.
The Siri _Understanding_ team is looking for exceptionally skilled and creative Engineers/Scientists eager to get involved in hands-on work improving the Siri experience via applied machine learning and enabling these improvements for all Siri users worldwide._ 
Key Qualifications 
Strong background in machine learning and deep learning; experience in speech, speaker, and/or language recognition a plus, but not required 
Solid foundation in machine learning fundamentals, such as classification, feature engineering, clustering, semi-supervised learning, and domain adaptation 
Excellent software engineering abilities — including proficiency in deep learning / machine learning frameworks (e.g., PyTorch, TensorFlow) and scripting languages (e.g., Python, bash) — with an interest in optimizing and scaling systems globally 
Excellent data analytical skills with strong attention to detail and the ability to dive into data to explain anomalies and conduct error/deviation analyses 
Outstanding problem solving, critical thinking, creativity, organizational, and interpersonal skills; ability to work and communicate effectively with all levels of engineers, scientists, managers, and cross-functional partners 
Description 
The Siri Understanding team is looking for exceptional individuals to extend the core technology that let Siri interact and understand. You will be part of a cross-functional team consisting of software engineers as well as machine learning engineers/scientists and having a large impact on the Siri product. This is a unique opportunity to apply machine learning and deep learning techniques at the intersection of various areas such as speech recognition, visual understanding, natural language processing, multi-modal, TTS and dialogue management. You should be creative, proactive, and ready to communicate and collaborate with multiple teams. 
Education & Experience 
B.S. or M.S. or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, or equivalent experience Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Apple in Seattle, WA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,187 reviews This is where you can do the best work of your life. Where you’ll join some of the world’s smartest, most innovative people to create ama... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
