
 
 
 
 Internship, Artificial Intelligence - Milpitas, CA 95035 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Internship, Artificial Intelligence KLA-Tencor Milpitas, CA 95035 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Overview
 KLA is a global leader in diversified electronics for the semiconductor manufacturing ecosystem. Virtually every electronic device in the world is produced using our technologies. No laptop, smartphone, wearable device, voice-controlled gadget, flexible screen, VR device or smart car would have made it into your hands without us. KLA invents systems and solutions for the manufacturing of wafers and reticles, integrated circuits, packaging, printed circuit boards and flat panel displays. The innovative ideas and devices that are advancing humanity all begin with inspiration, research and development. KLA focuses more than average on innovation and in 2019 we invested 15% of sales back into R&D. Our expert teams of physicists, engineers, data scientists and problem-solvers work together with the world’s leading technology providers to accelerate the delivery of tomorrow’s electronic devices. Life here is exciting and our teams thrive on tackling really hard problems. There is never a dull moment with us.
 We are looking for an internship candidate who is passionate on Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Artificial Intelligence for applied research and product innovations in image processing and computer vision areas. A qualified candidate is expected to have strong background on image processing algorithms and deep understanding/experience on Machine Learning/Deep Learning theories. The possible tasks that the candidate will be working on includes, but not limited to,
 Understand and derive algorithms based on latest literatures and conference papers;
 Implement the state-of-the-art ML/DL algorithms in Tensorflow or PyTorch;
 Design and improve models for specific applications;
 Design new Deep Learning modules, algorithms or processes;
 Optimize and tune a ML or DL model for optimal performance;
 Evaluate and validate the model performance with respect to metrics;
 Perform A/B test between models;
 Tackle physical/science problems via ML or DL methodology;
 Communicate ideas and findings in professional presentations;
 Qualification Desired
 PhD candidate enrolled in a full-time University or Institution, in the field of Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Science or a related quantitative field.
 2 years research or industrial experience on applying Machine Learning or Deep Learning on real problems, especially for imaging processing or signal processing.
 Demonstrations on designing, exploring and validating complex learning models.
 Problem solving skills on identifying solutions.
 Proficiency in at least one programming languages including Python, Java, C/C++.
 Proficiency in Tensorflow or PyTorch.
 Technical publications, patents or open-source projects in ML, DL for imaging processing is a plus.
 Minimum Qualifications
 PhD candidate enrolled in a full-time University or Institution, in the field of Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Science or a related quantitative field.
 Some experience on applying Machine Learning or Deep Learning on real problems, especially for imaging processing or signal processing.
 Proficiency in at least one programming languages including Python, Java, C/C++.
 Proficiency in Tensorflow or PyTorch.
 We offer a competitive, family friendly total rewards package. We design our programs to reflect our commitment to an inclusive environment, while ensuring we provide benefits that meet the diverse needs of our employees.
 KLA is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by applicable law. We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us at  talent.acquisition@kla.com  to request accommodation. KLA-Tencor 30+ days ago original job Report job Intern jobs in Milpitas, CA Jobs at KLA-Tencor in Milpitas, CA Intern salaries in Milpitas, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
