
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Research Internship, Siri - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Research Internship, Siri Apple 10,187 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Apple 10,187 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  Nov 17, 2020 
Role Number: 200207888 
Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Create groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri Speech team at Apple.
Siri debuted in the iPhone 4s in 2011, bringing voice assistants to millions of users. Now Siri is available not only in all iPhones, but also iPads, CarPlay, Macs, Apple Watch, HomePods, and AirPods. Siri is now available in over 40 locales around the world, and users are interacting with Siri and dictation over 25 billion times a month.
As part of Apple's Machine Learning and AI team, we transform every Apple product and, because we fully integrate hardware and software, we can collaborate to deliver amazing experiences while protecting the privacy of users and their data.
We are looking for students who want to impact millions of users around the world through advances in machine hearing, speech recognition, natural language processing, speech synthesis, and related fields in machine learning and artificial intelligence. This is an excellent opportunity to create groundbreaking technology to support large scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence.
As a member of the team, you will work on some of the most ambitious technical problems, develop new ML solutions that will impact future Apple products, and collaborate with the best product teams to integrate your ideas into products. In addition, you will have an opportunity to engage with the academic community by publishing your innovative research, and speaking at conferences and events.
Internship opportunities are available in Cupertino, Boston, and Seattle, pending returning to office guidelines. 
Key Qualifications 
Expertise in one or more of these fields: speech recognition, speech synthesis, natural language processing, spoken language processing, dialog systems, machine learning, signal processing 
Strong publication record demonstrating innovative research 
Good presentation skills 
Passionate about building extraordinary products 
Experience with C/C++, Python, or CUDA 
Knowledge of common ML frameworks and deep learning libraries (TensorFlow, PyTorch, etc.) 
Be able to deliver ML technologies aligned with the core values of Apple, ensuring the highest standards of quality, scientific rigor, innovation, and respect for user privacy 
Creative, collaborative, & product focused 
Description 
As an intern, you will work with a mentor and broader teams across Apple in order to advance Siri’s core machine learning capabilities in machine hearing, speech recognition, text-to-speech synthesis, and natural language understanding. You will have opportunities to broadly demonstrate your work, which may also lead to a conference publication.
To be successful in this position, you should have a strong technical foundation, be able to show initiative, learn new technologies quickly, and possess excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Interns are self-motivated, excellent problem solvers, quick to build relationships and work well with change and ambiguity. You have strong programming skills with tried experience crafting, prototyping, and delivering advanced algorithmic solutions. 
Education & Experience 
Pursuing PhD or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Machine Learning, or related areas.
You are additionally required to return to school after the internship to continue or complete your education, or an internship needs to be required for graduation from your school. You also qualify if accepted into a graduate program after graduation. Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Intern jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Research Intern salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,187 reviews This is where you can do the best work of your life. Where you’ll join some of the world’s smartest, most innovative people to create ama... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
