
 
 
 
 Director, Data Science & Artificial Intelligence - San Diego, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Data Science & Artificial Intelligence Ferring Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 163 reviews San Diego, CA Ferring Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 163 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Title:
 Director, Data Science & Artificial Intelligence
 Job Description:
 Ferring Pharmaceuticals is a globally recognized, research-driven, biopharmaceutical company with 70 years of history. Headquartered in Switzerland, Ferring is privately owned with over 6000 employees in nearly 60 countries. Within Ferring, the Global Drug Discovery and External Innovation (GDDEI) organization has an aggressive growth agenda to drive scientific excellence and build an early pipeline. The research focus is to discover transformational medicine and advance most promising science, internal or external, in the fields of reproductive medicine & maternal health, uro-oncology, and GI/microbiome.
 People Come First at Ferring. The Ferring Philosophy places people at the heart of what we do. This guides our relations with patients, physicians, employees, and other stakeholders. We invite you to share our passion for people and the power of science.
 The Ferring Research Institute was established in San Diego, California in 1996 as the company’s center of excellence for research. More than 80 people work at its state-of-the-art research facility located in the heart of the Southern California biopharmaceutical community.
 Summary:
 Computational Biology and Data Sciences (CBDS), a part of GDDEI, has a primary responsibility of discovering novel targets through integrative analyses of transcriptomic, genetic, and real-world datasets; improve the understanding of disease biology in key pathways by working closely with Therapeutics Areas and Discovery scientists. CBDS contributes to an accelerated pipeline portfolio by applying appropriate genomic studies, computational approaches, and machine learning/AI to target validation, disease models, mechanism of action, and biomarker discovery (with Lead Generation & Pharmacology, Translational Medicine, and other functions). CBDS also supports key external opportunities to gain therapeutic insights, support due diligence for assets identified by External Innovation, and collaborate with enabling technology leaders to stay competitive.
 Reporting to the Head of CBDS, the Director of Data Science and Artificial Intelligence will define the technology vision and strategy of data science and artificial Intelligence, develop external collaborations and alliances, and work closely across appropriate GDDEI functions towards the discovery of transformation medicines. Use cases may include, but not limited to, the identification of novel drug targets, discovery of molecules, assays, and biomarkers. This position is based in San Diego, California.
 Responsibilities:
 Develop and implement a Data Science and AI strategy to enable deeper understanding of human disease biology from large-scale human cohort datasets (e.g. UK Biobank) and connect genes, drugs, and disease states through gene-expression signatures (e.g., NIH LINCS)
 Partner with Ferring therapeutic areas (RM&MH, Gastroenterology, Uro-oncology, Discovery immunology, and Research Microbiome) to contribute evaluating new targets, molecules, models, and biomarkers
 Work closely with External Innovation and other discovery functions to identify opportunities to apply Data Science and AI to solve key business problems (e.g., NLP/Text mining, Imaging analyses)
 Supervise and mentor junior member(s) of the team to enable successful scientific contributions to GDDEI organization and demonstrate thought leadership and expertise in Data Science to scientific and business partners.
 Educate and involve the broader organization on the concepts of Data Science and AI and their strategic potential, and communicate the most appropriate approach for different stakeholders
 Requirements:
 PhD in Computational Science, Mathematics, Bioinformatics, Computational biology, Genetics, Biostatistics, Biology, Chemistry, or a relevant scientific field
 Ten or more years of experience in a pharmaceutical, biotech, or research organization, with direct work experience in a data science, machine learning, reinforcement learning, artificial intelligence, or advanced statistics role
 Experience in managing a team, and having successfully built or applied data science and artificial intelligence approaches to gain insights in disease biology and impact the discovery of targets, drugs, biomarkers
 Proficiency using Python, R, Hadoop, Spark, Scala, and TensorFlow
 Strong working knowledge of machine learning algorithms (Random Forest, SVM, neural networks, etc.), exploratory data analysis, statistical modeling, signal processing and/or Natural Language Processing techniques is required.
 Experience with large datasets, understanding of data analysis workflows, software engineering (databases, cloud computing) such as Spark
 Knowledge in human genetics and genomics Big Data (GWAS., PheWAS), and experience handling healthcare relevant datasets, such as EHR or registry data is desirable
 Strong publication record within his/her expertise area
 Excellent communication skills and a demonstrated ability to work collaboratively with various functional areas
 We are proud to be an Affirmative Action/EEO Employer. EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled
 We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.
 If you need assistance during the application process due to a disability, please email careers@ferring.com
 Location:
 San Diego Ferring Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Data Science jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at Ferring Pharmaceuticals in San Diego, CA Director of Data Science salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ferring Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 163 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
