
 
 
 
 VP, Artificial Intelligence and Data - Michigan - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VP, Artificial Intelligence and Data StockX 19 reviews Michigan Remote StockX 19 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Technology @ StockX: 
 
Our Technology Team is on a mission to build the next generation e-commerce platform for the next generation customer. We build world-class, innovative experiences and products that give our users access to the world's most-coveted products and unlock economic opportunity by turning reselling into a business for anyone. Our team uses cutting edge technologies that handle massive scale globally. We're an internet-native, cloud-native company from day 1 - you won't find legacy technology here. If you're a curious leader who loves solving problems, wearing multiple hats, and learning new things, join us! 
 
About the role: 
 
StockX is looking for an Artificial Intelligence and Data leader who will be responsible for setting the strategy and execution for Machine Learning, Computer Vision and Data for its products in eCommerce. A strong bias for business outcomes is desired along with an ability to make step changes in application of AI/ML/Data techniques, to functions ranging from product, forecasting, marketing, search, pricing, shipping and generating intellectual property in computer vision. 
 
Reporting to the CTO, this leader will help drive the roadmap to fuel StockX's double-digit growth and market expansion. The Vice President will serve as a transformational technical and people leader providing insights to the executive leadership team on technology advancements for artificial intelligence, ensuring automation and process scalability is at the forefront of strategic conversations, and building and leading a world-class technical team. 
 
The ideal candidate will be familiar with trends in research, and uses the latest techniques from the academic literature and explain why they are or are not appropriate for a problem. You'll scrutinize model performance during implementation for improvement opportunities and bring perspective and provide context for current technology choices and make recommendations on the right modeling and component design approach to achieve the desired customer/business outcome. You understand that not all problems are new (or require new algorithms). You show good judgment when making trade-offs between short-term customer, business needs and long-term technology needs. 
 
What you'll do: 
 
 Drive closely with all partner teams to create roadmaps to help deliver on the company vision 
 Communicate cross-functionally to drive both engineering and product alignment 
 Be both a technical Leader and people manager 
 Grow the team and help shape processes and culture as the team and the company grows 
 Champion engineering and operational excellence, establishing metrics and process for assessment and improvements 
 Apply knowledge from multiple disciplines. Partners with business and/or engineering teams to identify and solve large and/or significantly complex problems that require scientific innovation. 
 Enable the team to deliver high-quality artifacts along with following best practices for data collection, modeling, software development, and experimentation. 
 
 About you: 
 
 10+ years of ML/Data experience, including 5+ years of hands-on technical management 
 Experience in one or more of the following domains: Machine learning, Computer vision, Data Engineering 
 Experience recruiting and managing technical teams, including performance management 
 BS/MS/PhD in Computer science or equivalent 
 Strong communication and coordination skills along with multi-tasking capabilities to get things done in a fast-paced environment 
 
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. However, this job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. StockX reserves the right to amend this job description at any time. StockX 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Vice President jobs in Michigan Jobs at StockX in Michigan Vice President salaries in Michigan Company Info Follow Get job updates from StockX StockX 19 reviews Our global platform offers unprecedented access to current culture while our data-driven, bid-ask model provides buyers with the real-tim... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
