
 
 
 
 Account Executive – Ohio and Western Pennsylvania (REMOTE) - Columbus, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Account Executive – Ohio and Western Pennsylvania (REMOTE) NICE Columbus, OH Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description You are fearless — eager to run through walls but smart enough to find the hidden doorway behind the library shelf. 
You are generous — you hold that door open for the next person too. 
We want to know: Are you NICE? 
 
 This is a REMOTE role, traveling to clients in Ohio and Western Pennsylvania. 
NICE Ltd is a publicly traded tech leader with a market cap of $7 Billion. We are seeking a consultative, collaborative Account Executive to largely act as a hunter targeting enterprise accounts in the Ohio and western PA market. About 25% of the accounts have existing business, with the remaining ~75% of the book being a combo of warm and cold relationships not currently doing substantial business. 
This role reports into a Regional Vice President who highly values creativity, tenacity, positivity, and honesty. He has many years of developing teams and understands investing in his employees. 
You will be well-positioned for success if you have a history of successfully executing multi-million dollar deals, targeting an audience of C-suite decision-makers in enterprise organizations. There is no industry verticalization-the territory is your oyster. Further, the AE can sell across our entire portfolio, which is both large and highly complex, so it is critical that you understand how to build detailed sales strategies that comprehensively analyze the customer’s business, allowing you to anticipate client needs and proactively present a highly differentiated value proposition. 
QUICK APPLY PROCESS 
DONE IN 30 - 60 SECONDS 
MOBILE DEVICE FRIENDLY 
Some of Our Benefits: 
Competitive base salary, uncapped commissions, and a "pay for performance" practice that also holds us accountable for pay parity. 
Incredible non-monetary incentives, ranging from fully paid getaways on private islands to luxury cars! Yes, really! 
Individual & family health, dental, vision, life and AD&D, STD, LTD, HSA, flex spending account, Employee Assistance Program, etc. 
Pet insurance, because we know your best friend is a part of you too. 
Ongoing training and development. 
Company-funded 401k contribution. 
Generous PTO, vacation, personal days, sick days, and time for when you need a little more (parental, bereavement, etc.) 
Highly direct communication culture that’s literally a relief to candidates who value straight shooting 
A deep commitment to corporate social responsibility and giving back to the community. 
Results-oriented culture where everyone works hard, but has a life outside work. 
Fun events and celebrations such as end-of-quarter events, retreats, game-filled events, and more! 
NICE Ltd is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer committed to providing an inclusive environment that enables every employee to work to the best of their ability. We support Diversity, Inclusion, and Equity and commit to hiring to increase Diversity of Thought without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law or common sense. 
 More About Us: 
NICE Ltd is a publicly traded tech leader (NASDAQ: Nice) with a market cap of $7 Billion, accolades ranging from Most Innovative Company to #1 on Gartner’s Magic Quadrant, and most importantly: a devotion to saving the world while helping our clients work smarter—not harder. Our environmentally safe solutions use advanced analytics, Artificial Intelligence, and Robotics to do everything from preventing devastating financial crime, to powering life-saving crisis contact centers, to predicting your personality, and much more. Nice 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Account Executive jobs in Columbus, OH Jobs at NICE in Columbus, OH Account Executive salaries in Columbus, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from NICE A world without barriers
Nice vuole migliorare la qualità della vita delle persone semplificando i movimenti di ogni giorno: la sicurezz... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
