
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Data Scientist - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Data Scientist Mitre Corporation 258 reviews United States Mitre Corporation 258 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.
 The Aviation Safety & Analysis department is individuals with interest in applying their data science skills to deep and challenging problems in the aviation domain. We have a treasure trove of data including time series, text and sensor data and challenging problems to solve. We are seeking skills in machine learning, deep learning, text mining, big data and software/application development.
 If Sklearn, pyTorch, Keras,TensorFlow, LSTM, LDA, anomaly detection, entity extraction, summarization mean something to you, we want to talk to you. You are not required to have skills in all of these but should have hands-on skill in at least one area and the ability to dive deep in the data, and learn the necessary skills to get the job done.
 The candidate will work with the FAA and international customers, leveraging one of the largest repositories of aviation data to improve the capabilities, safety, and efficiency of the aviation system.
 The candidate will be responsible for supporting a team of more senior AI/ML staff and Data Scientists in the following tasks:
 Leveraging AI/ML techniques and solutions to identify complex patterns for predicting safety hazards
 Increasing the efficiency and quality of the vulnerability discovery process by tightly integrating automated processes, AI/ML techniques and human SME/analyst expertise
 Develop and prototype AI algorithms and software tools.
 Enhance and maintain current analysis tools, including automation of current processes using AI/ML algorithms.
 Conduct quantitative data analysis using a variety of datasets, including developing retrieval, processing, fusion, analysis, and visualization of various datasets
 Develop techniques that make use of both digital flight data, text-based safety reporting, and a variety of other aviation data sets both in a silo and in a fused environment to identify potential safety vulnerabilities
 Basic Qualifications:
 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related fields
 Hands-on Software Development Skills (Python-Preferred)
 Experience or educational courses/projects in Machine Learning, and/or Text Mining Algorithms.
 Ability to work closely with Domain experts to develop tools/algorithms needed to answer research questions in their studies
 Excellent Communication Skills (with the abilty to explain developed tools and ML algorithms to a non-technical audience)
 Ability to formulate operational problems in aviation domain as technical problems that allows for reuse of leading research in the area.
 Proven ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, systems
 Strong analytic, inferencing, critical thinking, and creative problem-solving skills
 Self-starter with ability to work both independently and with a team
 Preferred Qualifications:
 1 to 2 years of relevant experience
 Experience with Deep Learning Frameworks such as Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch,Mxnet etc. Ability to apply these frameworks to real problems in the ‘time -series’ domain
 Experience with interpretability of deep learning models
 Big Data Skills (Hadoop, Spark, recent deep learning platforms)
 Visualizations/Web Development Skills (e.g. Tableau, MEAN stack - MongoDB, ExpressJS, AngularJS, NodeJS).
 Practical experience with statistical analysis
 Experience with text mining tools and techniques including in areas of summarization , search (e.g. ELK Stack) , entity extraction, training set generation (e.g. Snorkel) and anomaly detection
 Expert software development skills lifecycle including developing and maintain good production quality code
 This requisition requires the following clearance(s):
 Suitability - FAA
 MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status. 
 
MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at  703-983-8226  or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.
 Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only. Mitre Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in United States Jobs at Mitre Corporation in United States Data Scientist salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mitre Corporation Mitre Corporation 258 reviews The MITRE Corporation's mission-driven team is dedicated to solving problems for a safer world. We are a not-for-profit company that oper... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
