
 
 
 
 Director-Technology Development Controller - Phoenix, AZ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director-Technology Development Controller American Express 8,088 reviews Phoenix, AZ American Express 8,088 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Corporate Segment Controllership provides end to end accounting and advisory support to technology ($1.5B of developed software assets), real estate ($1.1B of real estate leases), servicing, compensation & benefits and advertising & brand management. The broader team also provides subject matter expertise in accounting for and reporting of the Company’s stock-based compensation and retirement plans, litigation reserves, and restructuring initiatives. 
 The Corporate Segment Controllership organization is looking for a proactive, energetic, intelligent and dedicated individual that can integrate well into a high performing and dynamic team. This position provides business advisory, reporting and accounting guidance to the Technology organization. The successful candidate will be a primary point of contact for the Technologies Development business partners and LFO teams. The Technology Development teams are responsible for approximately $1.5 Billion in annual software development expenses.
 Key responsibilities include:
 Providing account guidance and managing the end to end accounting for $1.5Bn in annual Software development Investment across American Express. 
 Analyzing and leading the accounting for the impairment of decommissioned software assets. 
 Providing financial reporting and operational accounting guidance on contractual financial terms during deal negotiations in accordance with US GAAP and American Express accounting policies. 
 Understanding GAAP changes relevant to the technology business and driving process changes to ensure compliance. 
 Reviewing end to end technology accounting processes and implementing and adopting new technology and processes where appropriate. 
 Continuing to drive transformation of the Software Capitalization process for American Express, including the advancement of adopting Artificial Intelligence based capitalization decisioning. 
 Develop financial control oversight processes, proactively identify process efficiencies, and monitor compliance with internal management policies.
 Supporting internal and external auditors with audit and quarterly review requirements. 
 Monitoring risk and creating controls over the Technology Accounting process as the Process Risk Self Assessment (PRSA) delegate. 
 Product ownership of the development of the Software Capitalization Reporting Tool. 
 Participating in internal Tech forums, developing training materials and collaborating with EPMO teams to monitor any Tech process changes that may impact the accounting process. 
 Motivating and developing a team of 3-5 colleagues. 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 
 A minimum of 8+ years of accounting and finance experience 
 Understanding of the Agile development methodology is a plus 
 Excellent business acumen, ability to think both in terms of business strategy and technical compliance 
 Demonstrated problem solving/analytical skills and prior experience in a fast paced, results-driven organization 
 Solid understanding of financial statement relationships between balance sheet and income statements 
 Strong systems aptitude 
 Strong financial control focus, requiring ability to proactively understand and identify risks from an end-to-end perspective 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills, strong relationship and collaboration skills 
 A proven strong leader who is adaptable and a team player with the ability to achieve results through empowering others 
 Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously while adhering to time sensitive deadlines 
 American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law. 
 Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions. 
 
ReqID: 21006051 
Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time 
Date Posted: May 3, 2021, 9:29:44 AMAmerican Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law. American Express 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Technology jobs in Phoenix, AZ Jobs at American Express in Phoenix, AZ Director of Technology salaries in Phoenix, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from American Express American Express 8,088 reviews At American Express, we know that with the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. Whether we... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
