
 
 
 
 Custom Billing Analyst - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Custom Billing Analyst Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,005 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,005 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 2+ years of relevant professional experience - Skills in Excel - Verbal/written communication and presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams - Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in business, accounting, or a related field 
 
AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.
 
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 
We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
Custom Billing Solutions (CBS) is looking for a Custom Billing Analyst to support monthly operations of pricing and billing programs. This successful candidate must be a self-motivated, detail oriented, and have excellent problem solving abilities. This candidate must be able to adapt to constant change in business requirements and also work well under pressure to meet ongoing and overlapping deadlines within short time constraints. The analyst will deal with ambiguous problems, work with product teams on finding solutions, and will drive towards simple solutions to complex problems. This analyst will also be the Subject Matter Expert on billing issues, who dives deep to understand the underlying issues to help a customer resolve problems.
 
 
 Work with AWS customers to address billing issues and gather valuable feedback 
 Support monthly billing processes between multiple external and internal AWS teams by auditing billing data, providing data management, and pricing calculations 
 Proactively identify and implement operational improvements, enhancements, and system customizations that meet business requirements 
 Actively seek solutions to business/customer needs and suggest innovative solutions on behalf of the customer experience 
 Support recurring and ad hoc reporting for various internal/external stakeholders 
 
Learn and Be Curious. We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.
 
 
 Accounting experience with accruals and receivables - Experience with financial contracts and comfortable with contractual language - Strong attention to detail and excellent problem solving skills - Ability to communicate effectively across all functions and levels of the organization - Track record for being detail-oriented with a demonstrated ability to self-motivate and follow-through on projects - Strong quantitative, analytical and organizational skills - Highly organized, have multi-tasking skills, and efficient in ambiguous situations. Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. 
 
 Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Billing Analyst jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon Web Services in Seattle, WA Billing Analyst salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,005 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
