
 
 
 
 Senior Sales Manager - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Sales Manager Master of Code Global Seattle, WA Master of Code Global launched our Seattle, WA office in Q4 of 2019. The Seattle team is focused on designing, building, and managing AI-powered chat and voice solutions. Master of Code Global works with tech start-ups, small and midsize businesses, and enterprise customers to deliver conversational experiences. A partial list of our global brands includes T-Mobile, LivePerson, Aveda, and the World Surf League. 
Our team is comprised of technology enthusiasts who share a common passion for AI-driven technology and for delivering world-class conversational experiences. Whether it’s experimenting with Augmented Reality, Amazon Lex voice bots or having our work featured at recent Facebook F8 Developer Conferences. 
Master of Code Global  is a world-class software development agency with five offices and more than 220 team members worldwide. Established in 2004, our team provides full-service custom software development. The US office works closely with Master of Code Global to deliver projects on a global scale for leading organizations. 
 
 Requirements: 
10+ years proven direct sales experience with a focus on IT services or software products 
In depth knowledge of IT industry in the US, its latest trends 
Proven track record of sales results and exceeding targets 
Ability to establish and build relationships quickly with all levels of management 
Self-motivated leader who exhibits sense of urgency in all sales and service-related activities 
Exceptional communication, presentation, follow-up, negotiation, and closing skills 
Goal and performance oriented professional 
Experience working in a dynamic, fast paced environment 
Experience with and or selling solutions and/or platform services in conversational domain is a big plus 
 From You: 
You’re biased towards action and enjoy the adrenaline rush of delivering great work under tight timelines 
You embrace an entrepreneurial spirit; self-starter who is intrinsically curious 
You enjoy working with a team of passionate people and can add both energy and positivity to the culture 
 Responsibilities: 
Master of Code Global is rapidly expanding as enterprises shift their focus and investment in AI-powered solutions. As a Senior Sales Manager, you will support world-class conversational projects and build relationships with our new clients. 
For example, a global luxury retailer is interested in exploring new digital channels to increase customer engagement and is interested to partner up with Master of Code Global to develop a Facebook Messenger chatbot. 
You’ll be responsible for: 
 
Identify, develop and close new business opportunities 
 Receive and prospect inbound leads 
 Qualify prospects as per sales plan, budget and decision making 
 Handle sales process from prospecting through close and understand the process 
 Offer products and services to qualified clients after working with Solution Architect 
 Build and document sales activities in company CRM software and document activities 
 Assist in running demos for prospects, develop presentations, and adapt sales collateral 
 Handle customer presentation, quotes, RFIs and RFPs 
 Work with the client to offer new solutions and offerings (up-selling) 
 Work strategically with management to deliver forecasts, identify trending opportunities/challenges, and provide recommended solutions 
 Resolve client issues in a timely and thorough manner; escalates issues to manager as appropriate 
 Evangelizing Master of Code Global through events and seminars 
 What do we offer: 
We’re passionate about building conversational experiences using the latest technologies (often in beta) from tech leaders including Facebook, Google, Amazon, Microsoft, and others. Everyday we get to work with the latest in Artificial Intelligence, most notably machine learning and natural language processing. We work side by side with our customers exploring some of the most innovative chatbot use cases, features, and integrations in the industry. For instance, how can we supercharge a Fortune 500’s support team by leveraging the newly released WhatsApp Business API? We’ve become thought leaders at the center of the AI revolution. 
The opportunity to build something special in Seattle excites us. As ‘builders’ we are comfortable with ambiguity and motivated by the challenge to rapidly grow the office. We are easily bored with the status quo and are constantly looking for ways to innovate. 
While we have the support of a global company, the Seattle office operates like a bootstrapped startup. There’s never a dull moment, from hackathons to adrenaline-filled customer deadlines or pitching Augmented Reality solutions using closed beta products from Facebook. Do you miss the fast-paced startup culture? Obsessed with HBO’s Silicon Valley? 
Application Process: 
If you are interested in joining Master of Code Global, please submit your resume. If you have a point of view on AI-powered solutions, feel free to share with the team! We thank all applicants for their interest, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 
 Location: 
 Seattle
 Share this... Master of Code Global 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Sales Manager jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Master of Code Global in Seattle, WA Senior Sales Manager salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Master of Code Global Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
