
 
 
 
 IRS Pathways Recent Graduate Program (Computer Scientist) - Washington, DC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search IRS Pathways Recent Graduate Program (Computer Scientist) US Department of the Treasury 458 reviews Washington, DC Temporarily remote US Department of the Treasury 458 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $53,433 - $94,581 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 Click on "" button below to view  Eligibilities  being considered and other  IMPORTANT  information. 
 
Pathways is an Excepted Service Appointment, Schedule D, 5 CFR Part 362, and may NOT be combined with other Excepted Service Appointments (e.g., Schedule A). 
 
For additional information regarding the Pathways Program, please refer to: Students & Recent Graduates on USAJOBS. 
 
WHERE CAN I FIND OUT MORE ABOUT OTHER IRS CAREERS? Visit us on the web at www.jobs.irs.gov 
 Responsibilities 
 IRS Recent Graduates Program affords developmental experiences in the Federal Government intended to promote possible careers in the civil service to individuals who have recently graduated from qualifying educational institutions or programs. Selected applicants are placed in a dynamic, developmental program with the potential to lead to a civil service career in the Federal Government. In addition, the IRS implemented the new IRS Forward Recent Graduate Program that includes an additional year of formal development, training, networking, project teams, and may include rotational assignments. 
 
Following the completion of program requirements, selectees may be considered for non-competitive conversion to a career/career-conditional or term appointment. All conversion requirements will be identified in the Participant Agreement. Program requirements include but are not limited to:
 
 Successful completion of at least 1 to 2 years of continuous service depending on the position; 
 Completion of at least 40 hours of interactive training; 
 Mentorship; 
 Demonstration of successful job performance; and 
 Meet the qualification position standards. 
 Conversion to the competitive service is not implied or guaranteed. 
 
If selected, you will be placed in a developmental position as a 1550 GS9/11 with promotion potential to GS-12 in 
Research Applied Analytics and Statistics
 
 
A description of the business units can be found at: https://www.jobs.irs.gov/about/who/business-divisions 
 
The following are the duties of this position at the full working level. You will have the opportunity to learn to perform these duties and will receive training to help you grow in this position. 
Applies artificial intelligence techniques and other computing skills in the Office of Research, which includes the analysis of data for a variety of purposes. Operates independently to produce analyses, prototypes, recommendations and descriptive decision models within the assigned areas of responsibility. Consults and collaborates with others from industry and other governments to keep up-to-date on technology trends. Assesses the impact of potential advanced technology projects on the taxpaying public, the Service's public image and media relations, and IRS functional employees. Will experiment with advanced technologies to assess their appropriateness in various situations. Provides advice to a lead or to managers on major technology issues and is available to internal authorities for consultations, advice, and guidance in the field of advanced computer technologies. Such advice, both oral and written, includes the translation of broad and specific technical problems into language understandable by the layman and allows for decisions and actions to be taken both timely and appropriately. 
 Travel Required 
 Not required 
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 12
 Job family (Series) 
 1550 Computer Science
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 Undergo an income tax verification and review of prior performance/conduct. All selectees must sign a Pathways Participant Agreement. Subject to a 1-year trial period (unless already completed). Must successfully complete a background investigation, including a FBI criminal history record check (fingerprint check). Complete a Declaration for Federal Employment to determine your suitability for Federal employment, at the time requested by the agency. The employment of any candidate selected for this position may be conditional upon classification and/or audit of federal tax returns. This audit may include up to 2 years of returns. If you are a male applicant born after 12/31/1959, certify that you have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to do so. Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer Go through a Personal Identity Verification (PIV) process that requires two forms of identification from the Form I-9. Federal law requires verification of the identity and employment eligibility of all new hires in the U.S. These documents must be  unexpired   original  or certified copies .
 Provide proof of U.S. Citizenship. (Birth certificate showing birth in the U.S;  Unexpired  U.S. Passport; Certificate of Citizenship or Naturalization; or Report of Birth Abroad of a U.S. Citizen (Form FS-240) TOD: Mon-Fri 8:00am-4:30pm Selected applicants who occupy positions in the Competitive Service must acknowledge the outcome of voluntarily leaving the Competitive Service prior to accepting an Excepted Service Appt. in the Pathways Prgm. See 5 CFR 302.102(b)(2). An official transcript must be provided to confirm degree completion prior to appt.to the position. 
- If you are in a telework eligible position, you may be directed to temporarily telework on a full-time basis due to COVID 19. Employees must be within a 150-mile radius of their official assigned post-of-duty (POD) while in a telework status. Once normal operations resume, employees may be directed back to the office to perform the duties of their position. Telework eligibility does not guarantee telework; employees must meet and sustain IRS telework eligibility requirements and supervisor's approval to participate in the IRS Telework Prgm. As a reminder - If you are selected for a position, you are responsible for reporting to your designated POD (location) on the negotiated start date or as directed by mgmt.
 Qualifications 
 In order to qualify, you must first meet Pathways Recent Graduate Program eligibility: 
 
You must have, within the previous 2 years, completed all educational requirements for a qualifying associate, bachelor, masters, professional, doctorate, vocational or technical degree or certificate from a qualifying institution; or intended graduation is no more than 9 months from date of application; 
-OR- 
Veterans (as defined in 5 U.S.C. 2108) who, due to a military service obligation, were precluded from applying to a Recent Graduates Program during any portion of the 2-year eligibility period may have their eligibility period extended so that they receive the full 2 years of eligibility. The remaining 2-year eligibility period will begin upon his or her release or discharge from active duty. The veteran's eligibility period may not extend beyond 6 years from the date of completion of all requirements of an academic course of study. 
 
Secondly, you must meet any basic requirements of the position and the experience requirements described in the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards for General Schedule Positions, 
 
 GS-09 LEVEL : You must have 1 year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-07 grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience for this position includes basic knowledge and ability applying methods, and techniques of computer science, the theoretical foundations of computer science, computer systems architecture, database management, numerical analysis, software engineering, operating systems, and algorithmic analysis to analyze diverse modernized IT systems and develop detailed functional requirements and contract specifications for IT systems; Basic knowledge of information systems concepts and practices in several of the following areas: applications development, systems integration, telecommunications, and security; and basic technical knowledge of the discipline and principles of IS configuration management. 
 OR 
You may substitute education for specialized experience as follows a Master's or equivalent graduate degree in computer science or in a combination of mathematics, statistics, and computer science.  OR  Two full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to a master's or equivalent graduate degree in computer science or in a combination of mathematics, statistics, and computer science. 
 
 GS-11 LEVEL:  You must have one year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-09 grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience for this position includes knowledge and ability applying methods, and techniques of computer science, the theoretical foundations of computer science, computer systems architecture, database management, numerical analysis, software engineering, operating systems, and algorithmic analysis to analyze diverse modernized IT systems and develop detailed functional requirements and contract specifications for IT systems; Ability to adapt technical precedents and techniques to design appropriate modifications; Knowledge of information systems concepts and practices in several of the following areas: applications development, systems integration, telecommunications, and security; and technical knowledge of the discipline and principles of IS configuration management. To be qualifying your experience must be sufficient to demonstrate the ability to assist in carrying out research and development activities involving artificial intelligence, emerging technologies or scientific phenomena; design, develop, program, debug, document, maintain, and reengineer software programs; and apply artificial intelligence and other technologies to solve IT systems problems for business operations. 
 OR 
You may substitute education for specialized experience as follows a Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree in computer science or in a combination of mathematics, statistics, and computer science.  OR  Three full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to a Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree in computer science or in a combination of mathematics, statistics, and computer science. 
 
Federal experience is not required. The experience may have been gained in the public sector, private sector or Volunteer Service. One year of experience refers to full-time work; part-timework is considered on a prorated basis.- To ensure full credit for your work experience, please indicate dates of employment by month/year, and indicate number of hours worked per week, on your resume. 
 
For more information on qualifications please refer to OPM's Qualifications Standards.
 Education 
 This position has an education requirement. You  MUST  submit dated documentation showing completion or intended completion (if graduation is no more than 9 months from the date of application) of all educational requirements (e.g. letter from the registrar, unofficial transcripts). An official transcript will be required if you are selected. Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. 
 
 FOREIGN EDUCATION:  Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. You must show proof the education credentials have been deemed to be at least equivalent to that gained in conventional U.S. education program. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Click here for Foreign Education Credentialing instructions. 
 
 CERTIFICATE:  If you are qualifying based on a certificate program, please refer to Treasury's Pathways Program for more information on qualifying certificate programs. A Certificate program is a post-secondary educational program, in a qualifying educational institution, equivalent to at least one full- time academic year of study, that is part of an accredited college-level, technical, trade, vocational or business school curriculum. 
 
For more information on education requirements go to Treasury's Pathways Program.
 Additional information 
 It is anticipated that there will be significant interest in the announcement. As a result, the announcement will have cut-offs for applicant consideration. Eligible applicants who apply by 11:59 pm ET, 05/11/2021 will be considered first. All other applicants will be considered in Quality Group order as needed, to fill remaining vacancies. Any required documents should be submitted at the time that you apply as documents will not be accepted after the vacancy closes. 
 
 Salary:  The salary range indicated in this announcement reflects the minimum locality pay up to maximum locality pay for all duty locations listed. The range will be adjusted for selected duty location. General Schedule locality pay tables may be found under Salaries & Wages. 
 
We may select from this announcement or any other source to fill one or more vacancies. 
 
This is a bargainingunit position. 
 
We offer opportunities for flexible work schedules. 
 
 PATHWAYS EXCEPTED SERVICE REQUIREMENTS: 
 This is an excepted service appointment and will be made for a specified period as defined in the program requirements. In accordance with 5 CFR 302.102 we are advising you that if you currently hold a career or career-conditional appointment in the competitive service, are selected, and accept this appointment, you will be voluntarily relinquishing the career/career-conditional competitive appointment you currently hold. Upon successful completion of program requirements, you may be non-competitively converted to the competitive service. Conversion is not guaranteed. While serving on the excepted service appointment: 
 
 All selectees must sign a Pathways Participant Agreement.
 You will be subject to termination at any time without use of adverse action or reduction-in-force procedures and will not be entitled to any mitigation strategies if impacted by reorganizations.
 You will not be eligible to apply for positions announced under an IRS internal vacancy announcement.
 You will be eligible to apply under external announcements if you meet the qualifications and requirements.
 Eligibility for benefits is determined by your current enrollment status. Additional information will be provided if you are selected. 
 S ubject to a 1-year trial period (unless already completed). 
 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 You will be evaluated based on how well you meet the qualifications listed in this vacancy announcement. Your qualifications will be determined based on your application materials (e.g., resume, supporting documents) and the responses you provide on the application questionnaire. Please be sure that your resume includes detailed information to support your qualifications for this position; failure to provide sufficient evidence in your resume may result in a "not qualified" determination. In order to be considered for this position, you must complete all required steps in the process and meet all qualifications. Overstating your qualifications and/or experience in your application materials or application questionnaire may result in your removal from consideration. 
 
 Rating:  You will be assessed on the following competencies (knowledge, skills, abilities, and other characteristics): 
 Creative Thinking 
Leadership 
Oral Communication 
Planning and Evaluating 
Reasoning 
Technology Application 
Writing 
 
A category-like rating (Quality Group) will be used to rate, rank and select eligible candidates. If qualified, you will be assigned to one of three quality level categories, Superior/Best Qualified, Highly Qualified and Qualified depending on your responses to the online questions, regarding your experience, education, and training related to this position. Your rating may be lowered if your responses to the online questions are not supported by the education and/or experience described in your application. 
 
 Referral:  If you are among the top qualified candidates, your application may be referred to a selecting official for consideration. Candidates, if required to participate in a selection interview (telephonic and/or in person at the discretion of the Selecting Official in accordance with hiring practices), will be interviewed in quality group order. We will not reimburse costs related to the interview such as travel to and from the interview site. 
 
Veterans' preference is applied after applicants are assessed. Preference-eligibles will be listed at the top of their assigned quality group and considered before non-preference-eligibles in that quality group. Qualified preference-eligibles with a compensable service-connected disability of  10% or more  will be listed at the top of the highest quality group for this position.  For scientific and professional positions in grade GS-09 or higher,  names of all qualified applicants are listed in order of their ratings, augmented by veteran preference, if any. 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Other
 Drug test required 
 No
 Position sensitivity and risk 
 Moderate Risk (MR)
 Trust determination process 
 Suitability/Fitness
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 The following documents are required and must be provided with your application for this Public Notice: 
 
 Resume  - For qualification determinations your resume (uploaded or created in USAJOBS) must contain hours worked per week and dates of employment (i.e., month/year to month/year or month/year to present). If your resume does not contain this information, your application may be marked as insufficient and you will not receive consideration for this position. If you are a current Federal employee or previous Federal employee, provide your pay plan, series and grade, i.e. GS-0301-09. Do  NOT  include photographs (or links to social media such as  LinkedIn ), inappropriate material, inappropriate content, nor personal information such as age, gender, religion, social security number, etc., on your resume. (Cover letters are optional.) Please view Resume Tips. 
 Online Application  - Questionnaire 
 Proof of Enrollment or Education  - You must submit dated documentation showing completion or intended completion (not to exceed 9 months from the date of application) of all educational requirements (e.g. letter from the registrar, unofficial transcripts) by the closing date of the announcement. An official transcript will be required if you are selected. A college or university degree generally must be from an accredited (or pre-accredited) college or university recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. For a list of schools which meet these criteria, please refer to Department of Education Accreditation. If you are qualifying based on foreign education, you must submit proof of creditability of education as evaluated by a credentialing agency. Click here for Foreign Education Credentialing instructions. If you are qualifying based on a certificate program, please refer to the Treasury's Pathways Program for more information on qualifying certificate programs. 
 Registration/License (IF APPLICABLE)  - active, current registration/license 
 Veterans' Preference (IF APPLICABLE)  - If you are claiming veterans' preference, you must submit a copy of your DD-214 (Member 4 copy), or other official documentation from a branch of the Armed Forces or the Department of Veterans Affairs showing dates of service and type of discharge. Ten-point preference eligibles must also submit an Application for 10-point Veteran Preference, SF-15, along with the required documentation listed on the back of the SF-15 form. For more information on veterans' preference view FedsHireVets. 
 Current and Former Federal Employees Documentation -  You MUST submit a copy of your most recent SF-50 (Notification of Personnel Action) or equivalent personnel action form which shows your current grade and competitive service status. (The "position occupied" block on the SF-50 should show a "1" and your "tenure" block should be a "1" or "2".) It is recommended to also provide an additional SF-50(s) (or equivalent), if you are applying for a higher grade which clearly demonstrates you meet the 52-week time-in-grade requirement (e.g., Promotion with an effective date more than one (1) year old, Within-Grade-Increase at the highest grade held). 
 Submission of any required documents. Please note that if you do not provide all required information, as specified in this announcement, you will not be considered for this position (or may not receive the special consideration for which you may be eligible). 
 
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 Review our benefits
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 Recent graduates
 Individuals who have graduated from an accredited educational institute or certificate program within the last 2 years or 6 years for Veterans.
 Clarification from the agency 
 Open to U.S. Citizens/Nationals who have completed a degree or certificate from a qualifying education institution within the previous 2 years or are within 9 months of graduating. Veterans unable to apply within 2 years of receiving their degree, due to military service obligation, have a full 2-year eligibility period upon release or discharge from active duty. The eligibility period for veterans must be within 6 years of degree completion. usajobs.gov 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Computer Scientist jobs in Washington, DC Computer Scientist salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from US Department of the Treasury 458 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
