
 
 
 
 ASIC Design Engineer, CPU - New College Grad - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ASIC Design Engineer, CPU - New College Grad NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are now looking for a ASIC Design Engineer – New College Grad
 NVIDIA’s invention of the GPU sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning has ignited modern AI — the next era of computing — with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Today, we are increasingly known as “the AI computing company”. We are looking to grow our company, and grow our teams with the smartest people in the world. We are looking for you.
 As a member of our CPU Logic Design Team, you will be responsible for a portion of the design of a high performance and low power chip, focusing on such tasks as micro-architectural definition, RTL coding, logic debug, synthesis and timing closure, supporting verification and implementation. This position offers you the opportunity to have real impact in a dynamic, technology-focused company impacting product lines ranging from consumer graphics to self-driving cars and the growing field of artificial intelligence. We have crafted a team of extraordinary people stretching around the globe, whose mission is to push the frontiers of what is possible today and define the platform for the future of computing.
 What you'll be doing:
 As a member of our core CPU team, you'll be responsible for crafting and timely delivery of a specific unit on the chip.
 Day to day tasks include: writing readable high performance and low power RTL, Synthesis and Timing closure, and design documentation.
 Collaborate with our verification team to verify the correctness of your unit.
 Work with implementation to achieve your timing, area, performance and power goals.
 Assist with timing closure of super units.
 What we need to see:
 Pursuing and will be completing BS or MS in EE/CS or related.
 Minimum GPA: 3.5.
 You have an impeccable hardware engineering background with a concentration in VLSI and/or Computer Architecture.
 Exposure to Digital systems and VLSI design, Computer Architecture, Computer Arithmetic, C/C++ programming languages, CMOS transistors and circuits is required.
 Strengths in Verilog/VHDL and C or Perl are a big plus.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Design Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Design Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
