
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence (AI) Researcher - Dayton, OH 45433 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence (AI) Researcher Leidos 1,208 reviews Dayton, OH 45433 Leidos 1,208 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Description 
 Job Description: 
The Leidos Innovation Center (LiNC) at Leidos currently has an opening for an Artificial Intelligence (AI) Researcher to work at our Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) customer site on Wright-Patterson AFB, OH. We are seeking a dedicated and talented AI Researcher to work as part of a leading-edge research and engineering, design and development team. Leidos seeks mission and team-oriented individuals who enjoy working as an individual contributor in highly collaborative teams. 
The AI Researcher will contribute to Robust and Secure Machine Learning (RSML) project, which is a collaborative research project between several geographically distributed branches of the Air Force Research Laboratory. 
The Air Force is increasingly utilizing machine learning (ML) systems and seeks to advance our understanding and capabilities to assess the performance of ML systems under a variety of conditions, including adversarial ML. We also seek to develop novel metrics for measuring robustness of ML systems when humans are integrated into the learning process or when ML is integrated into human decision making. 
This effort involves researching state of the art ML models and training methods together with assessments of model robustness. At the conclusion of the project we aim to have a better understanding of the mechanisms for and measurement of robustness in the context of machine learning. 
Primary Responsibilities 
You will work as an AI Researcher in a high performing research and development team to develop creative and innovative interfaces for complex analytical data produced by machine learning and artificial intelligence systems. You will direct, collect, understand, and process various types of data for developing analytics visualizations for research and analysis. You will also build creative visualizations and user interfaces that show off the models being tested and allow for human feedback or enable active and interactive learning paradigms. Help our team to bridge the gap between computers and humans! 
The successful candidate will work with government customers, software engineers, subject matter experts, and military personnel. 
Basic Qualifications 
Master’s degree or higher, or a bachelor’s degree with 2+ years experience in Computer Science, Visual Analytics, Machine Learning, Cognitive Modeling or similar. 
Experience in development of distributed, web-based systems, service-oriented architectures, front-end user interfaces, and back-end databases. 
Experience with Visual Analytics, Human-Computer Interactions, Artificial Intelligence, and Machine Learning. 
Experience with UI development. 
Proficient with git. 
Possess solid software development and programming skills in Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript. 
Experience using data visualization tools and/or libraries such as d3.js, plotly.js, React.js or other tools. 
Self-motivated with strong intellectual curiosity, especially around defining impact. 
Maintain outstanding written and oral communications skills, and good organizational skills. 
Be a US Citizen. NO non-citizens will be considered. 
Be capable of obtaining a DOD Secret Security Clearance, at a minimum. 
Preferred Qualifications 
Experience with Adversarial Machine Learning. 
Experience with Active or Interactive Machine Learning. 
Experience with human subjects research, user studies, or UX design and testing. 
Experience in a research environment. 
Cognitive modeling/ intelligent agent experience. 
Experience using High Performance Computing or Cloud Computing. 
Active and current DOD Secret Security Clearance 
External Referral Bonus: 
Eligible 
Potential for Telework: 
No 
Clearance Level Required: 
None 
Travel: 
Yes, 10% of the time 
Scheduled Weekly Hours: 
40 
Shift: 
Day 
Requisition Category: 
Professional 
Job Family: 
Research Scientist 
Pay Range: Leidos 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Dayton, OH Jobs at Leidos in Dayton, OH Researcher salaries in Dayton, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Leidos Leidos 1,208 reviews Leidos
Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the worl... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
