
 
 
 
 Assistant Scientist - Nanoscience - Lemont, IL 60439 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Scientist - Nanoscience Argonne National Laboratory 198 reviews Lemont, IL 60439 Argonne National Laboratory 198 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Assistant Scientist - Nanoscience
 Requisition Number:  409122   Location:  Lemont, IL
 
 Functional Area:  Research and Development  Division:  NST-Nanoscience and Technology
 
 Employment Category:  Regular  Shift:  8:30 - 5:00
 
 Level (Grade):  RD2 
 
 Share:   Facebook  LinkedIn  Twitter 
 
 
 
 Position Description 
 
 
We invite you to apply for an Assistant Scientist position in our Theory and Modeling Group within our Nanoscience and Technology Division (NST). 
 
Research efforts include, but are not limited to, areas such as development and application of new AI/ML algorithms applied to materials science and chemistry, scientific applications in computational nanoscience, development of data infrastructure to enable nanoscience, and theory of nanostructured materials. 
 
Position Responsibilities: 
Perform basic research in computational nanoscience, data science, artificial intelligence, machine learning and high performance computing, working across the Nanoscience & Technology and in collaboration with other divisions within the Physical Sciences Directorate as well as the Mathematics and Computer Science Divisions at Argonne. 
Perform basic and translative research in support of the Center for Nanoscale Materials user science community. 
Perform both independent and collaborative research with Argonne scientists relevant to the US Department of Energy (50%). 
Publish results of independent and collaborative research in refereed journals and make presentations at meetings, conferences, symposia and seminars. 
Assist in proper execution and reporting of projects for CNM, DOE and other outside sponsoring sources. 
Establish and maintain a vibrant and productive collaborative program with CNM users (50%). 
Stay abreast of progress in pertinent fields and to assist the CNM and user community. 
Support end-users with HPC operations/maintenance issues using the cluster, optimizing job submissions, getting a full understanding of workflows, and software installation support. 
Provide work direction to postdoctoral appointees, research assistants, students and technical staff working on projects within their area of responsibility. 
 Position Requirements 
 
 
Knowledge, Skills and Experience: 
Expertise in high performance computing (HPC) administration and HPC operations/maintenance is highly desirable. 
Experience in managing vendor relationships as it pertains to hardware, cloud, and managed support services. 
Experience in machine learning, artificial intelligence, and data science applied to materials science and/or nanoscience. 
Ability of formulating scientific problems in the design and theory of nanoscale systems for applications relevant to the DOE portfolio. 
Ability formulating scientific issues, data management, and high performance computing. 
Strong oral and written communication skills and the ability to work with internal and external contacts and achieve established goals. 
Experience in understanding abstract concepts and synthesizing results within the current experimental and theoretical framework. 
Ability in designing high-quality experiments and/or theories to address relevant scientific issues. 
Experience in additional areas of chemistry, physics, and materials science. 
The knowledge and skills required to function in this position would typically be achieved through a PhD in one of the basic sciences or engineering with educational or experiential focus on nanoscience. 
 As an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer, and in accordance with our core values of impact, safety, respect, integrity and teamwork, Argonne National Laboratory is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that fosters collaborative scientific discovery and innovation. In support of this commitment, Argonne encourages minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities to apply for employment. Argonne considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship status, color, disability, gender, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, marital status, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 
 
Argonne employees, and certain guest researchers and contractors, are subject to particular restrictions related to participation in Foreign Government Sponsored or Affiliated Activities, as defined and detailed in United States Department of Energy Order 486.1A. You will be asked to disclose any such participation in the application phase for review by Argonne's Legal Department.
 
 
All Argonne offers of employment are contingent upon a background check that includes an assessment of criminal conviction history conducted on an individualized and case-by-case basis. Please be advised that Argonne positions require upon hire (or may require in the future) for the individual be to obtain a government access authorization that involves additional background check requirements. Failure to obtain or maintain such government access authorization could result in the withdrawal of a job offer or future termination of employment.
  Back to top Argonne National Laboratory 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Scientist jobs in Lemont, IL Jobs at Argonne National Laboratory in Lemont, IL Associate Scientist salaries in Lemont, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Argonne National Laboratory Argonne National Laboratory 198 reviews It takes a lot of manpower to build a nation's economic and energy security. That's why there's the US Department of Energy. The DOE was ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
