
 
 
 
 Dark Web Intelligence Analyst - Morgantown, WV - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Dark Web Intelligence Analyst Bluestone Analytics Morgantown, WV IMPACT 
We are seeking a skilled mid-level  Dark Web Intelligence Analyst  to join the company's growing client-focused analyst team. This role is an on-site, customer-facing position that directly supports the analytic program of a national security organization. The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated history of successful open-source or all-source intelligence analysis to law enforcement, intelligence, or defense organizations. The Dark Web Intelligence Analyst will interact directly with various levels of Bluestone Analytics employees (technical, managerial, etc.) and key client staff, including other analysts and managers. 
Flexibility in work schedule may be required to accommodate the client and the needs of the business. The position may require 10-25% travel within the WV, VA, MD, and Washington D.C. region. 
IN A TYPICAL WEEK, YOU MA Y 
Produce intelligence assessments, case studies, and briefings through single-source OSINT intelligence analysis. As needed, draft presentations and supporting documentation. 
Present findings at working-level or to leadership and senior executives at internal/external meetings with the ability to explain complex information. 
Gather, interpret, evaluate, and compare data to produce reports and establish conclusions. Analyze and assess our data against a wide scope of OSINT data sources. 
Identify, assess, and request additional collection opportunities against high-value sources of information directly related to the client’s security mission. 
Educate and inform client analysts, staff, and leadership on the Dark Web environment and threats, impacts, and potential exploitation opportunities. 
Work in conjunction with Bluestone Analytics’ technical and analyst teams to ensure product and data quality and integrity. 
Stay current with industry OSINT standards, trends and competing products, identifying opportunities to meet or exceed our company’s value to the client. 
S KILLS & REQUIREMENTS 
A Bachelor’s degree with 2-5 years of experience in intelligence analysis or a related field 
Detail-oriented with strong interpersonal, listening and speaking skills. 
Strong judgment, critical thinking, and presentation skills to process, analyze, and communicate information. 
Self-motivated, proactive, and enthusiastic in dynamic environments. 
Experience with intelligence analysis processes, data evaluation, analytical tools 
Knowledge of internet-based research, including Boolean logic, search engine and database resources. 
Understanding of covert communications and identity obfuscation 
Current  Top Secret  clearance with eligibility for access to  SCI 
Experience with Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint 
Currently living within commutable distance or willing to relocate  to Morgantown, WV . 
NICE TO HAV E 
Master's degree in Business, Marketing, or technical related field 
Familiarity with Dark Web 
Familiarity with Python, JSON, Elastic, and/or Kibana 
Knowledge of other intelligence disciplines (SIGINT, HUMINT, GEOINT, etc.) 
Familiarity with Data Science 
Foreign Language Proficiency (Arabic, Chinese, Russian, Farsi/Persian) 
Familiarity with sales in the National Security and/or Federal Law Enforcement industries 
ABOUT US 
Bluestone Analytics is a mission-focused, veteran-owned business that solves the world’s toughest problems through custom, targeted data collection augmented with artificial intelligence. We are committed to innovation, inclusion, and pushing the boundaries of Open Source Intelligence, and we purposely foster an employee-centric culture of fast-paced achievement and innovation. 
WHY  WORK AT  BLUESTONE ANALYTICS? 
Industry leading compensation and benefits including 100% company paid health, dental, and vision insurance premiums for employees and 60% for all dependents. 
Healthy work/life balance starting with 20 days of accrued PTO and 10 paid holidays. 
Performance-based bonus program tied to company revenue goals. 
Monthly cell phone stipend 
Personalized retirement plan with company match 
A rich company culture driven by private ownership and intentional leadership inspiring employees to engage in our healthy, high-performing and values-based environment. 
Coaching and development to support personal and professional growth. Bluestone Analytics 3 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Intelligence Analyst jobs in Morgantown, WV Jobs at Bluestone Analytics in Morgantown, WV Intelligence Analyst salaries in Morgantown, WV Company Info Follow Get job updates from Bluestone Analytics Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
