
 
 
 
 CI/CD Platform Validation Architect - Santa Clara, CA 95052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search CI/CD Platform Validation Architect Intel 5,432 reviews Santa Clara, CA 95052 Intel 5,432 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
We are seeking a Senior Level CI/CD (Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery) architect to join our validation team in the Data Platform Group. In this role, you will define and develop new validation capability for our existing products, based on modern CI/CD methodologies, aimed at improving the customer experience. You will interact with Architecture, Design, Silicon Validation, and Product Management teams to research, recommend, specify, and document technology in support of the organization's strategic vision.
 
 
The scope of your role will include: 
Ownership of technical domains end-to-end 
Leading CI/CD efforts to drive a high velocity release cadence at the platform level. 
Partners with delivery groups to roll out best practices for CI/CD across the platform update lifecycle. 
Planning, developing and executing toward vision and goals, including participation in creation of execution plans, driving execution, process documentation, and participating in cross functional task force teams.
 Voice of the team to represent issues found in corresponding forums. 
Works with system architects and domain experts to ensure delivery solutions are program ready 
Role model for the organization and junior engineers. 
Qualifications 
You must possess the minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Relevant experience can be obtained through schoolwork, classes and project work, internships, military training, and/or work experience. 
Minimum 
Bachelor’s in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field. 
5+ yrs. of total experience in CI/CD
 5+ yrs. experience in CI/CD planning, system administration, scripting, and development of toolchain needs.
 Preferred 
10+ yrs. of total experience in Systems validation and/or Platform validation experience. 
5+ yrs. in System Administration and related Dev/Ops 
K8S certification
 Experience working in a highly complex and high scale technology organization 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Platforms Engineering and Architecture (DPEA) Group invents, designs & builds the world's most critical computing platforms which fuel Intel's most important business and solve the world's most fundamental problems. DPEA enables that data center which is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Other Locations 
 
Virtual US and Canada 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. 
Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in US, Colorado: 
$145,650.00-$233,190.00 
Benefits: 
We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock, bonuses, and benefit programs. Find more information about our Amazing Benefits here Intel 9 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at Intel in Santa Clara, CA Software Architect salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,432 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
