
 
 
 
 Engagement Manager L3 - Coral Gables, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Engagement Manager L3 Capgemini 8,221 reviews Coral Gables, FL Remote Capgemini 8,221 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Under general direction, carries out procedures to ensure that all information system products and services meet organization standards and quality. Leads a group of testers for staffing, support and all related project activities. Leads tests of software to ensure proper operation and freedom from defects.
 Documents and works to resolve all complex problems. Reports progress on problem resolution to management.
 Devises improvements to current procedures and develops models of possible future organization and improvements. Resource will act as subject matter expert in assigned areas.
 Performs complex workflow analysis and recommends quality improvements. Frequently reports to a client Quality Assurance Leadership. Performs all forms of process improvements and SOW projects with little or no direction. Must work well with complex project requirements and staffing needs. 
Reports to Client QA Leadership 
Interacts with co/remotely located IT Solutions Project Managers, Application Launch Managers, Developers, SCRUM Masters, Product Managers, QA Consultants and others for all projects. 
Management of Quality Assurance for assigned application verticals or customer verticals 
Lead a group of QA Testers on project(s) 
Co-ordinate QA Projects 
Test Automation guidance 
Performance Testing guidance 
Security Testing guidance 
Project Management of all Quality Assurance Projects within assigned vertical market(s) 
Will be responsible for Quality Assurance for all projects within 1 or more project vertical markets. The IT QA Lead will establish project priorities and manage the activities of the QA Leads, Consultants, Specialist, Analyst and interns within the team, delivering each project within the established commitments, ensuring quality, performance and conformance with established specifications. 
Requirements : 
Development of project scope of work for Quality Assurance 
Quality Assurance Project Plan & Estimation Development 
Establishing appropriate project milestones (in collaboration with the Product/Project Manager 
Managing the allocation of resources to ensure delivery of results 
Prepares and gives presentations related to QA activities to business users and project team 
Gather project requirements and specifications from vendors, project managers and end-users 
Oversee project test planning and execution 
Coordinating all testing efforts including the request for procurement, setup and use of testing environment, test data, test devices, H/w, S/w and related needs 
Participates, as required, in a hands-on role, contributing with his/her technical/functional expertise 
Ensuring that projects adhere to established quality standards and measurements 
Tracking project status and ensuring that projects adhere to proposed schedule 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engagement Manager jobs in Coral Gables, FL Jobs at Capgemini in Coral Gables, FL Engagement Manager salaries in Coral Gables, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,221 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
