
 
 
 
 Power BI Data Visualization Lead - Peachtree City, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Power BI Data Visualization Lead Capgemini Peachtree City, GA Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :5+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related technical field 
Minimum 3 years of Power BI lead experience in BI Roadmap strategy, Application architecture Solutioning and Hands on development . 
Should have delivered at least 2 BI modernization programs 
Minimum 2+ years of experience in BI Application support and Platform support. 
Proven ability to solve complex business problems using BI tools 
Build powerful, stand-out visualizations of process and business operations data 
Ability to capture , Prototype and translate user requirements into scalable Technology solutions 
Demonstrated ability to lead projects and work independently. 
Proven competency in cross-team collaboration, drive for results, and written and verbal communications. 
Application Transition experience 
Agile Delivery Methodology experience. 
Tableau, Qlik experience 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 7 days ago original job Report job Lead Data Scientist jobs in Peachtree City, GA Jobs at Capgemini in Peachtree City, GA Lead Data Scientist salaries in Peachtree City, GA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
