
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Device Integration - Irvine, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer - Device Integration ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Irvine, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Anduril is a defense technology company, bringing Silicon Valley talent and funding to the defense sector. Our technology helps our customers solve their toughest challenges by enabling them to make better, more informed decisions in life-and-death situations. We’ve assembled a diverse team of experts in artificial intelligence, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics, and data analysis that are creating software and hardware solutions to radically evolve the capabilities of the United States and our allies. If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact, come join Anduril and build the future of defense. 
About the role: 
As a Software Engineer working on Device Integrations, you write mission-critical code that bridges the gap between the real world and Lattice, Anduril’s Sensor Fusion Platform. Everything Lattice knows about the surrounding environment comes through your code. And every physical action that Lattice takes in the real world — turn a pan-tilt-unit or a propeller - is through your code. 
Integration of a sensor into Lattice is much more than just “plumbing data.“ You take pride in processing literally every available bit of raw sensor data into low-latency, high-fidelity sensor measurements using advanced perception techniques on the latest low-power edge compute platforms. Further, since operation of Lattice is augmented with a distributed command and control layer, you thoughtfully architect daemons that support seamless control by both Humans and Human-directed agents. 
As an Anduril engineer, you do not just work from the (awesome) office/lab. Lattice works in rugged environments and you will also occasionally work in rugged environments. Going into the field to experience real world sensor behavior and rapidly prototype solutions is often the best way to get reps on a problem and deliver results in hours instead of months. 
You are well-prepared for this role since you’ve spent a few years writing C++ code in a production environment and have experienced the joys (and frustrations) of manipulating directly attached sensors. Your attention to detail is critical to your success; you will quickly become an expert on in-the-weeds idiosyncrasies of device APIs and sensor behavior. You own your integration code from early prototype through deployment in a way that doesn't mean you're the only one that can ever own it. Finally, your contributions to internal tools and frameworks make existing and future integrations even better. 
 What You'll Do: 
Process raw device data into meaningful sensor measurements 
Design and implement sensor daemons that support operation by both human and autonomous planning agents 
Generate health alerts from device failures and deviations in expected performance
 Build systems and tools that make existing and future sensor integrations better
 Collaborate with all involved teams (perception, mechanical, electrical, manufacturing, operations) over the full life cycle of sensors 
 Required Qualifications: 
5+ years of programming experience in industry or academia 
1+ year of C++ production coding experience 
1+ year of programming for attached devices (motors, sensors, cameras, etc)
 A desire to work on critical software that has a real-world impact 
Experience with Unix/Linux tools for performance analysis and debugging problems (gdb, ASAN, valgrind, perf, etc) 
Solid understanding of systems software (kernel, device drivers, system calls) 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience processing sensor measurements from Radar, Lidar, Optical, or RF sensors 
Experience with motor controllers and drives 
Experience working with networked sensor modules via Ethernet/CAN/Serial and using interface specifications or protocols to collect and analyze data 
Experience with sensor characterization and analysis 
 Anduril is an equal-opportunity employer, and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. If you are someone passionate to work on problems that matter, we’d love to hear from you! 
U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data. ANDURIL INDUSTRIES 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Integration Engineer jobs in Irvine, CA Jobs at ANDURIL INDUSTRIES in Irvine, CA Software Integration Engineer salaries in Irvine, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
