
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor, non-tenure track for Center for Secure Artificial Intelligence for hEalthcare (SAFE) - School of Biomedical Informatics - Houston, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor, non-tenure track for Center for Secure Artificial Intelligence for hEalthcare (SAFE) - School of Biomedical Informatics The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth) 406 reviews Houston, TX The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth) 406 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Non-tenure Full Job Description The School of Biomedical Informatics (SBMI) at the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth) seeks an exceptional candidate for a non-tenure track position at the assistant professor level in the areas of machine learning and drug discovery in the Center for Secure Artificial Intelligence for hEalthcare (SAFE). 
 UTHealth is in the world-renowned Texas Medical Center (TMC), located in cosmopolitan Houston, Texas, the fourth largest city in the United States. SBMI currently offers PhD and Master's degrees; it also features certificate programs in biomedical and health informatics 
 
 RESPONSIBILITIES:  The successful candidate will be expected to plan, supervise, and direct research in healthcare machine learning related to drug repurposing and discovery, as well as related areas. The candidate will provide technical expertise to lead in the development of study design, sample or data collection, pipeline development, data analysis, results interpretation, manuscripts, and grants. In addition, this position offers opportunities to supervise postdoctoral fellows and lead projects or team research initiatives. Collaborative research with other faculty in the SHEL, at SBMI, and across UTHealth, Rice University, and the Texas Medical Center (e.g., MD Anderson Cancer Center and Baylor College of Medicine, etc.) is strongly encouraged. 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS:  The candidate should possess a doctoral degree in computer science, biomedical informatics, mathematics, statistics, or a related discipline. He/she is expected to have experience in both machine learning and data mining, with the capacity to apply that expertise to the medical informatics domain. Strong algorithmic development and programming skills are required for this position, as are excellent teamwork and communication skills. Representative tasks for this position may include developing privacy-preserving federated learning, secure algorithms, computational phenotypes, drug repurposing research, and optimizing clinical workflows, among others. 
 
 APPOINTMENTS/BENEFITS:  This position is a full time, 12-month appointment on the non-tenure track, renewable on a yearly basis. 
 
 SALARY:  Competitive and dependent upon qualifications and experience. 
 
 APPLY:  As part of the application process, the applicant should provide a current curriculum vitae, a research statement, contact information for three references, and a cover letter describing qualifications and career goals. All application materials must be submitted through UTHealth's online system. 
 
  "Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veteran.” 
 This is a security sensitive position and thereby subject to Texas Education Code § 51.215. A background check will be required for the final candidate. The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth) 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Houston, TX Assistant Professor salaries in Houston, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth) The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth) 406 reviews Established in 1972 by The University of Texas System Board of Regents, The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealt... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
