
 
 
 
 Senior Technical Trainer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Technical Trainer Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,030 reviews Remote Remote Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,030 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 AWS Professional or Specialty Certification 
 5+ years of experience in programming, systems architecture or systems administration 
 7+ years of experience leading small to medium sized technical teams 
 Proven record of developing and retaining top technical trainer talent 
 Experience leading global roll outs of IT systems or projects 
 Experience conducting classroom training for related technology products and services 
 Technical degree (i.e. Computer Science) or 4 years' equivalent experience 
 
Our mission is to be Earth's most customer-centric company. This is what unites Amazonians across teams and geographies as we are all striving to delight our customers and make their lives easier, one innovative product, service, and idea at a time.
 
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform, offering over 175 fully featured services from data centers globally. Millions of customers—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—are using AWS to lower costs, become more agile, and innovate faster.
 
As cloud technologies continue to transform businesses, skilled individuals are in high demand. At AWS Training and Certification (T&C), we are passionate about revolutionizing the way people advance their cloud skills and careers. We equip diverse builders of today and tomorrow with the knowledge they need to leverage the power of the AWS Cloud. Join our dynamic, fast-growing team and help us empower our customers to build cloud skills.
 
Are you interested in working as a Senior Technical Trainer, directly serving a wide variety of customers and staying current on all the latest technology that AWS has to offer?
 
In this role, you will deliver training content to developers, administrators, architects, and partners to drive adoption and usage of AWS infrastructure services. You’ll have an opportunity to combine a passion for teaching, with enthusiasm for technology, to drive learning and establish positive customer relationships. You must have excellent communication skills and proven technology training experience.
 
 Responsibilities (What’s cool about this job?): 
 
 Deliver instructor-led classroom training to end-user customers and partners on a regular schedule in US and abroad 
 Assist in developing & maintaining technical training content, lab exercises, presentations, and accompanying materials 
 Develop a formalized Train-the-Trainer program for our Authorized Training Center partners and Contractors 
 Mentor and train internal and external authorized trainers as part of a train the trainer program 
 Special Projects as assigned 
 
Please note that travel for this role is up to 50% globally.
 
***This position must be based near an office in the Central US***
 
 
 Knowledge and/or hands-on experience with AWS infrastructure services highly desired 
 A strong “stage presence” and ability to manage a classroom of adult learners 
 Self-sufficient, self-starter with proven success taking ownership of training projects 
 Excellent oral presentation skills, interpersonal communication, and writing skills 
 Experience designing and developing instructor-led content with technical subject matter content 
 Subject matter experience and experience in at least two of the following: 
 Artificial Intelligence (AI) 
 Big Data 
 DevOps 
 Internet of Things (IoT) 
 Large scale application or data center migration 
 Machine Learning (ML) 
 Serverless computing 
 Software Engineering or Application Development 
 Solutions Architecture 
 System Operations 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us
 
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Amazon.com 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Technical Trainer jobs in Remote Jobs at Amazon Web Services in Remote Senior Technical Trainer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,030 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
