
 
 
 
 VP of Global Data Governance - Detroit, MI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VP of Global Data Governance Little Caesars 15,787 reviews Detroit, MI Little Caesars 15,787 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Vice President of Global Data and Analytics will lead the vision, strategy, and execution for enterprise data for Little Caesar Enterprises, Inc. and Ilitch companies to further build on goals of being a data-driven global enterprise. The position is responsible for articulating strategic opportunities for data analytics, for developing and delivering the roadmap to use cases from science to marketing, for developing resources and upskilling the businesses, and for driving the data strategy all as a connected part of the Little Caesars and Ilitch companies global ecosystem.
 Key Responsibilities
 Responsible for owning and developing the vision, strategy, and execution for global enterprise data & analytics, ensuring scalability of systems processes and talent.
 Creation and management of a global integrated analytics roadmap.
 Lead the team responsible for building and managing the technical infrastructure, data platform and visualization technologies.
 Lead a global team of data engineers, data analysts and data scientists who are responsible for enterprise analytics and providing tools, data and expertise to functional business analytics teams within Ilitch companies.
 Define and own the strategy for investments, working closely with key business analytics leaders, and executive management.
 Manage data insights and analytics, including enterprise dashboards and support the creation of functional dashboards in partnership with business functions.
 Oversee various current and potential visualization tools leveraging Little Caesar Enterprises, Inc. technology wherever appropriate.
 Oversee global data governance and data integrity protocols and procedures.
 Lead machine learning and artificial intelligence initiatives.
 Drive, mentor, and motivate the organization to focus on continuous operational excellence, enterprise analytics architecture evolution, improved solution design practices, and high-value technology selection decisions with transparency to business leaders and alignment with enterprise architecture.
 Build an internal and external brand for the organization aimed at talent acquisition and retention in a highly competitive market.
 
Minimum Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities
 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Applied Mathematics or a related field.
 Minimum of 15 + years working in data pipelines, data warehouse, data analytics, data science, machine learning, artificial intelligence (AI), or related disciplines.
 Outstanding business acumen with an understanding of business drivers and of how to drive value to the customer.
 Minimum of 10 + years working with a broad range of business intelligence (BI) tools.
 Minimum of 10+ years working with customer data in a retail or quick service restaurant environment.
 Proven leadership building data analytics, data science and data engineering capabilities.
 Proven track record of coaching/mentoring individual contributors into more senior roles.
 Ability to translate business needs to analytic requirements and interpret the results of complex data analysis and communicate them to broad audiences.
 
Preferred Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities
 Experience working for/with business to consumer (B2C) technology companies.
 Knowledge and practical application of advanced statistical analysis and mathematical modeling concepts and principles.
 Advanced degrees in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Applied Mathematics or a related field.
 Experience in driving and leading data governance practices.
 Experience productionalizing machine learning models.
 
Working Conditions
 Works in a normal office environment where there is no physical discomfort due to temperature, noise, dust and the like.
 This position requires approximately 10%-20% travel which may include travel to restaurant locations and trade shows. This position requires the ability to adhere to the LCE Travel policy.
 Requires accessibility during non-traditional hours such as evening, nights and weekends.
 
The above is intended to describe the essential job functions, the general supplemental functions and the essential requirements for the performance of this job. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of all supplemental duties, responsibilities or nonessential requirements. Little Caesar Enterprises has the right to change, modify, suspend, interrupt or cancel in whole or in part any job functions outlined in a job description at any time and without advance notice to the employee. Ilitch Holdings, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President jobs in Detroit, MI Jobs at Little Caesars in Detroit, MI Vice President salaries in Detroit, MI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Little Caesars Little Caesars 15,787 reviews What We’re All About 
  
Little Caesars Pizza has grown tremendously since the opening of our first store in 1959—and we’re still growi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
