
 
 
 
 Azure Solution Architect - Houston, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Azure Solution Architect Capgemini 8,221 reviews Houston, TX Capgemini 8,221 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
This role will be staff aug within the client organization so deliverables to be agreed upon start, although assume will include running and taking part in architectural huddles, Key Design Decision reviews, and MVP architecture technical reviews. 
Running regular architectural product roadmap review sessions with product vendors and partake in product cadence sessions. 
Evangelising architectural best practices across division and identify new opportunities on standardising product capabilities through reusability. 
data platform architecture SME serving as key point of contact for teams, upholding best practice & standards, reusability to design solutions using varied Azure native products 
Familiarity with Azure Machine Learning, Azure Cognitive Services, MLFlow, Azure Databricks, Azure Data Factory, Azure Logic App, Azure Synapse, Azure SQL Dataware house etc. 
Self-driven and able to engage with product stakeholders, product vendors, and other leaders 
Nice to Have Skills: aware of BP ecosystem and BP processes (e.g. know how to get access for various internal tools/applications/environments) 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in Houston, TX Jobs at Capgemini in Houston, TX Software Architect salaries in Houston, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,221 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
