
 
 
 
 Internship: Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence - Tampa, FL 33694 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Internship: Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence FieldCore 117 reviews Tampa, FL 33694 FieldCore 117 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description Job Summary:
 FieldCore is seeking an energetic, committed intern to join our growing organization. As a FieldCore intern you will partner with the cross functional teams to build and execute world-class projects, programs and solutions. You will provide full service support in the areas of building business/market cases for novel solutions with consideration for the growth of our company and ever-changing market dynamics. 
The Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence Intern will work to help FieldCore use the techniques of machine learning (ML) to solve various business problems. This can involve helping build the ML model, extracting and transforming historical and other input data to feed the ML model, and delivering the output of the ML model back to the user in a usable format. 
Two use cases currently in progress are: 
Project Nostradamus – Using Machine Learning for a Safer FieldCore. This uses historical data patterns to predict the risk of safety incidents at future jobs. Input data can consist of past safety incidents, timecard data, job site information, work scope, worker skills and job history, etc.
 Tool Kit Management – Using ML to construct the optimal tool kit for upcoming jobs and predicting the turnaround time for such kits. Input data can consist of the location and scope of the job, past tools requisition data, warehouse inventory data, etc. 
You may also be asked to explore the feasibility of using Machine Learning for other business use cases, including searching for new use cases not yet discovered. 
Essential Duties & Responsibilities: 
Understanding candidate use cases and the desired goals of using ML to solve them. 
Researching the types of business data required for the use cases, and how to retrieve it. 
Building, testing, and showcasing machine learning models to satisfy user requirements. 
Documenting the logic and architecture of the ML model and data processing programs 
Ensuring all data and I.P security and privacy requirements are met, including completing any necessary paperwork. 
Providing regular updates, attending meetings, ensuring project schedules are being met. 
Following up with business users once ML solutions are deployed. 
Travel may be required 
English proficiency required 
Required Qualifications & Experience : 
High school degree or equivalent; must be enrolled in an accredited university/college program Bachelor’s degree in a technical field 
Field of study tied with job responsibilities 
Preferred GPA of 3.7 or higher 
Proficient computer skills, including Microsoft Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint, and Excel) 
Fluent in English 
Data analytics and visualization (using QlikView, Tableau, PowerBI or similar tools) 
Programming using R, Python or similar languages. 
Strong understanding of statistical and machine learning concepts 
Experience with Jupyter notebooks 
Desired Characteristics: 
Familiarity with cloud services (Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, or Microsoft Azure) 
Working with APIs and service tools 
Data extraction and feature engineering, familiarity with a query language 
Salesforce knowledge is a plus. 
Solid problem-solving skills 
Agile learner; open, proactive and engaged 
Ability to take initiative 
Goal-oriented team player 
Personal leadership capability 
Business acumen and understanding practical business principles 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
Self-directed and able to work without supervision 
Energetic and eager to tackle new projects and ideas 
Strong interest in technology 
About FieldCore: 
FieldCore, a GE company, is an independent, industrial field services organization focused on World-Class Execution across the power generation and oil & gas industries. We have brought together more than 12,000 of the foremost experts in field services to focus on one thing; delivering excellent outcomes for our customers. As a global organization, we celebrate the uniqueness of our diverse employees and strive to create an inclusive culture. Our people are driven by our core values of safety, integrity and quality, and focused by our guiding principles. For more information visit our website www.fieldcore.com. 
FieldCore is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, status as a qualified individual with a disability, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, ancestry, genetic information, gender identity, or any other characteristic protected by law FieldCore 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Tampa, FL Jobs at FieldCore in Tampa, FL Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Tampa, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from FieldCore 117 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
