
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Scientist, Safety Assessment - South San Francisco, CA 94080 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Scientist, Safety Assessment Genentech 955 reviews South San Francisco, CA 94080 Genentech 955 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Department of Safety Assessment is responsible for the nonclinical safety assessment of all drug candidates in the portfolio of Genentech from the discovery phase up to support of marketed products. Safety Assessment provides scientific leadership and plays an active cross-functional role in the drug development process. Within Safety Assessment, Computational Toxicology provides support to the Development small molecule and biotherapeutics portfolio from clinical candidate selection up to post-marketing support. We are seeking an AI/ML Scientist to support scientific efforts within the Department. This role will involve working in a collaborative team environment, as part of the comprehensive safety assessment of Genentech therapeutics as well as working in cross-functional collaborations with computational experts in related disciplines such as computational chemistry, computational DMPK or discovery informatics. 
The Role
 You will collaborate with scientists the Safety Assessment organization to identify the highest impact scientific challenges. You will identify, evaluate, and propose new methods and algorithms to address those challenges. 
You will conduct ML research and implement cutting-edge methods to understand and predict toxicity and safety for new drug entities. This will involve modeling of in vitro, in vivo, toxicogenomics or other relevant data, as well as combinations thereof. 
You will collaborate with computational scientist from other parts of the organization, as well as software engineering teams, to drive the application and development of best practices for application/algorithm development and data analysis. 
You will actively engage with academic groups at the forefront of the field. You will publish high quality impactful scientific articles and present at conferences, business meetings and academic institutions. 
Qualifications:
 PhD degree in Chemistry, Pharmacology, Toxicology as well as demonstrated experience in machine learning/data science or equivalent training. 
Strong experience in analyzing and visualizing complex data sets. 
Fluency in programming languages such as Python and R and experience with libraries such as scikit-learn and pandas. 
Demonstrated experience with cheminformatics-specific packages (e.g. RDKit, OEChem). 
Preferred: experience in the area of data imputation, recommendation systems and collaborative filtering. 
Preferred: Experience with deep learning frameworks (e.g., Keras, TensorFlow). 
Preferred: Experience from the Pharmaceutical, or other relevant, industry. 
Strong decision-making, complex problem solving skills and the ability to provide strategic input. 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills; and the ability to build productive cross-functional collaborations both within and external to Genentech. 
Genuine interest in translating basic research insights into impactful therapeutics. Genentech 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in South San Francisco, CA Jobs at Genentech in South San Francisco, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in South San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Genentech Genentech 955 reviews Genentech, now a member of the Roche Group, is a leading biotechnology company that discovers, develops, manufactures and commercializes ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
