
 
 
 
 Senior Back-End Developer - Boise, ID 83706 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Back-End Developer Stantec 714 reviews Boise, ID 83706 Remote Stantec 714 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Senior Back-End Developer - ( 210000WQ ) 
 Description 
 Grow with the best. Join a smart, creative, and inspired team that works behind the scenes to support operational excellence. As part of the Innovation Office, the Digital Technology & Innovation team is composed of digital experts who conduct research and development to keep our teams—and our client’s projects—ahead of the technological curve. They implement established technologies and find emerging solutions for all business lines (Buildings, Energy & Resources, Environmental Services, Infrastructure, and Water), bridging existing knowledge domains and facilitating the integration of powerful tools and methods. The team’s goal is to make projects more efficient and help provide higher-quality results to our clients. The ideal candidate will be a self-starter, a critical thinker, and highly interested in the application of new technologies and methods. The candidate will become a member of the Innovation Office, however, he or she will also be accessible to Stantec’s project teams to support project work as needed. 
 Your Opportunity 
 Stantec is seeking qualified applicants for the position of Senior Backend Developer with specialized expertise. The ideal incumbent will possess demonstrated expertise in the execution of technology solutions to fit with client needs and identified outcomes. This position requires the ability to creatively leverage new and innovative technologies and successfully implement solutions for our external clients and our business. You will be responsible for the delivery of professional services including business analysis and recommend solutions to complex strategic objectives, across our large global team spanning Stantec IT, Business Lines, and the Office of Innovation. 
 THIS REMOTE POSITION CAN BE PERFORMED IN ANY NORTH AMERICAN HOME OR STANTEC OFFICE LOCATION. 
 Your Key Responsibilities 
 Take ownership of the project and work independently in a team environment. Mentor project team members with their project tasks. 
 A passion for solving problems and providing workable solutions plus the flexibility to learn new technology to meet the business needs. 
 Collaborate with external stakeholder's project teams to gather functional and non-functional requirements and identify business requirements. 
 Recommend and design the project framework including system/technical/security architecture. 
 Use storyboards, wireframes, mockups, and simple prototypes and develop them into real solutions. 
 Help to develop design specifications and proof-of-concept solutions in response to business needs. 
 Identify risks up front and form contingency plans. 
 Integrate software components into a fully functional software system, and troubleshoot, debug, and upgrade existing systems. 
 Communicate in writing and verbally with technical and non-technical cross-functional teams 
 Apply programming tools effectively and efficiently. 
 Integrate time-management skills, a thorough understanding of task assignments and schedules, and efficient use of time and available resources. 
 Qualifications 
 Your Capabilities and Credentials 
 Working experience as a Senior Back-End Developer. 
 Knowledge of Data structures, System Design, and Algorithms is preferred. 
 Profound knowledge of various layers, including application, presentation, network, and data layers. 
 Ability to perform research in multiple disciplines related to IT and system architecture to design, develop, deploy, and support complex systems. 
 Demonstrated ability to support complex systems, including networking, servers and end-points. 
 Critical thinking and problem-solving skills as well as a passion for machine learning and artificial intelligence are pluses. 
 Experience in design and development of responsive websites, and backend architecture. 
 Object-Oriented Design (OOD) and programming in C#, .Net Core, NodeJS, and Java. 
 Understanding of modern user interface patterns and libraries including JavaScript, Angular, or React is preferred. 
 Developing and testing web-based APIs using JSON or XML objects. 
 Experience with RDBMS & NOSQL databases such as SQL Server, Oracle, Cosmo DB, CouchDB, etc. 
 Experience with Azure services is preferred: App Services, Azure Sql Server, IoT Hub, Azure Functions, Data Lake, etc. 
 Experience with Data Analytics or Data Science is preferred including Azure Machine Learning, Data bricks, Spark. 
 Management of hosting environment, including IIS, database administration, and scaling an application to support load changes. 
 Understanding of “session management” in a distributed server environment 
 Extensive knowledge of user authentication, OAuth, Single Sign-On (SSO), and Azure Active Directory B2C & B2B connections. 
 Proficient understanding of OWASP security principles, understanding accessibility, and security compliance. 
 Experience working with operational technologies in an industrial, automation or water treatment context is preferred. This includes working with data sets such as SCADA, PLCs, and DCS. 
 Experience with source control, Git, and Azure DevOps (Pipelines, Boards, Repos). 
 Experience with the entire Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Agile Development, SCRUM, or Extreme Programming methodologies. 
 Experience working with geospatial data and maps is preferred. 
 Education and Experience 
 Bachelor’s degree in Software Development, Engineering, or related industry. 
8 years of related work experience.
 Typical office environment working with computers and remaining sedentary for long periods. 
 This description is not a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that may be required of the employee and other duties, responsibilities, and activities may be assigned or may be changed at any time with or without notice. 
 Stantec is a place where the best and brightest come to build on each other’s talents, do exciting work, and make an impact on the world around us. Join us and redefine your personal best. 
 Primary Location  : United States-Colorado-Broomfield 
 Other Locations  : United States-Virginia-Roanoke, United States-California-San Jose, United States-Virginia-Fredericksburg, United States-Minnesota-Rochester, United States-North Carolina-Charlotte, United States-California-Redding, United States-Wisconsin-Cottage Grove, United States-Alaska-Wasilla, United States-Massachusetts-Northampton, United States-Virginia-Fairfax, United States-California-Walnut Creek, United States-Virginia-Arlington, United States-Arizona-Chandler, United States-Mississippi-Vicksburg, United States-South Carolina-North Charleston, United States-Pennsylvania-Butler, United States-Pennsylvania-Mechanicsburg, United States-Iowa-Independence, United States-Pennsylvania-Philadelphia, United States-Pennsylvania-West Chester, United States-New Hampshire-Auburn, United States-Minnesota-Saint Cloud, United States-Michigan-Berkley, United States-Minnesota-Minneapolis, United States-Ohio-Cleveland, United States-West Virginia-Fairmont, United States-New York-Albany, United States-Florida-Deerfield Beach, United States-Minnesota-Little Canada, United States-Mississippi-Jackson, United States-Alaska-Fairbanks, United States-Colorado-Denver, United States-Texas-Houston, United States-North Carolina-Asheville, United States-Florida-Sunrise, United States-Virginia-Williamsburg, United States-California-San Bernardino, United States-Maine-Topsham, United States-Texas-Fort Worth, United States-North Dakota-Bismarck, United States-Kentucky-Louisville, United States-Alaska-Anchorage, United States-New York-Amherst, United States-New York-New York, United States-California-Nevada City, United States-Massachusetts-Burlington, United States-California-Long Beach, United States-Massachusetts-Boston, United States-Florida-Miami, United States-California-San Luis Obispo, United States-New Mexico-Roswell, United States-California-Santa Maria, United States-Washington-Lynnwood, United States-Michigan-Farmington Hills, United States-California-Santa Barbara, United States-Oregon-Portland, United States-North Carolina-Winston-Salem, United States-Massachusetts-Hyannis, United States-California-Thousand Oaks, United States-New Mexico-Las Cruces, United States-District Of Columbia-Washington, United States-Pennsylvania-Pittsburgh, United States-Maryland-Germantown, United States-Texas-Dallas, United States-Wyoming-Sheridan, United States-North Dakota-Fargo, United States-New Mexico-Albuquerque, United States-California-Sacramento, United States-New Jersey-Mount Laurel, United States-Puerto Rico-Guaynabo, United States-California-Chico, United States-Indiana-Indianapolis, United States-New Jersey-Morristown, United States-Maryland-Laurel, United States-Iowa-Des Moines, United States-Arizona-Tucson, United States-Minnesota-Golden Valley, United States-Virginia-Virginia Beach, United States-Minnesota-Maple Plain, United States-Maryland-Baltimore, United States-Florida-Jacksonville, United States-Virginia-Richmond, United States-California-San Francisco, United States-Minnesota-Woodbury, United States-New Jersey-Rochelle Park, United States-New Jersey-Wall Township, United States-Rhode Island-Providence, United States-Virginia-Charlottesville, United States-Georgia-Alpharetta, United States-Florida-Naples, United States-Texas-Plano, United States-Pennsylvania-Wyomissing, United States-Florida-Tampa, United States-South Carolina-Columbia, United States-Florida-Coral Gables, United States-Connecticut-Stamford, United States-Texas-San Antonio, United States-Florida-Fort Myers, United States-Hawaii-Honolulu, United States-Nevada-Reno, United States-Georgia-Atlanta, United States-Colorado-Boulder, United States-Louisiana-Baton Rouge, United States-Nevada-Las Vegas, United States-Kansas-Overland Park, United States-Ohio-Cincinnati, United States-Colorado-Fort Collins, United States-Wyoming-Cheyenne, United States-Pennsylvania-Plymouth Meeting, United States-Florida-Orlando, United States-Ohio-Sylvania, United States-North Carolina-Raleigh, United States-Colorado-Broomfield, United States-Missouri-Fenton, United States-California-San Diego, United States-Florida-Sarasota, United States-Kansas-Wichita, United States-Washington-Seattle, United States-Washington-Bellevue, United States-New Mexico-Tucumcari, United States-Massachusetts-Quincy, United States-New Mexico-Silver City, United States-Illinois-Chicago, United States-Michigan-Okemos, United States-Connecticut-Hartford, United States-California-Bakersfield, United States-Utah-St George, United States-Maine-Portland, United States-West Virginia-Charleston, United States-New York-Rochester, United States-California-Los Angeles, United States-Wisconsin-Mequon, United States-Colorado-Colorado Springs, United States-Florida-Lake Mary, United States-Vermont-South Burlington, United States-California-Irvine, United States-Florida-Tallahassee, United States-Ohio-Toledo, United States-Idaho-Boise, United States-Illinois-Lombard, United States-Alabama-Mobile, United States-California-Pasadena, United States-California-Fresno, United States-Ohio-Logan, United States-California-Petaluma, United States-Michigan-Ann Arbor, United States-Nevada-Elko, United States-Texas-Austin, United States-California-Rocklin, United States-Tennessee-Chattanooga, United States-Florida-West Palm Beach, United States-Utah-Salt Lake City, United States-Connecticut-New Haven, United States-Louisiana-New Orleans, United States-Ohio-Columbus, United States-New York-Endicott, United States-Kentucky-Lexington, United States-Tennessee-Nashville, United States-Wisconsin-De Pere 
 Job  : Applications Development 
 Organization  : BC-2257 Innovation-DTI-US 
 Employee Status  : Regular 
 Job Level  : Individual Contributor 
 Travel  : No 
 Schedule  : Full-time 
 Job Posting  : May 3, 2021, 2:24:08 PM 
 Req ID:  210000WQ 
 Stantec provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants for future and current employment and prohibit discrimination on the grounds of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression. We prohibit discrimination in decisions concerning recruitment, hiring, referral, promotion, compensation, fringe benefits, job training, terminations or any other condition of employment. Stantec is in compliance with local, state and federal laws and regulations and ensures equitable opportunities in all aspects of employment. EEO including Disability/Protected Veterans Stantec 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Back End Developer jobs in Boise, ID Jobs at Stantec in Boise, ID Senior Back End Developer salaries in Boise, ID Company Info Follow Get job updates from Stantec Stantec 714 reviews Communities are fundamental. Whether around the corner or across the globe, they provide a foundation, a sense of place and of belonging.... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
