
 
 
 
 Senior Automotive Safety Assessor, Software - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Automotive Safety Assessor, Software NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA is looking for a highly motivated Sr. Automotive Functional Safety Assessor to join its dynamic and fast-paced Infrastructure, Planning and Processes organization, where you will be working at the forefront of technical innovation with some of the best in the industry and ensuring our automotive software engineering teams are complying to our implementation of Safety (ISO 26262).
 NVIDIA is forging a vision of incredible user experiences in the mobile, embedded, server and automotive spaces by combining our leading edge Tegra and GPU development efforts into creative, boundary pushing and genre defining products. We are the top tier artificial intelligence computing company and are paving the way with innovations in self-driving cars, machine learning, supercomputing, gaming and visualization. The Infrastructure, Planning and Processes team helps make this vision possible by providing industry leading tools, infrastructure, and processes to a dynamic development community spread across the globe.
 What you'll be doing:
 Perform internal Safety process assessments across NVIDIA's SW organization on automotive projects
 Provide early feedback to software development teams on assessments to allow them to begin addressing findings as soon as possible
 Create Safety assessment reports post assessment for SW development teams to document their compliance to NVIDIA's implementation of the Safety specification.
 Provide guidance to software teams so they can better understand compliance issues and assessment findings.
 Drive and provide feedback on Safety compliance status. Provide recommendations for effective and efficient implementation.
 As needed, coach software teams or create and provide training so that software teams can successfully achieve high Safety ratings.
 Drive and support engineering activities according to Safety standards during all project phases (concept, product development, product design, development, validation, production).
 Support internal/external Safety process/product audits.
 Support automotive customer engagements through pre-sales and execution
 What we need to see:
 10+ years of experience with a BS or MS in an engineering related discipline or equivalent experience.
 Strong knowledge of and experience in ISO26262 functional safety methodology, standards, software methods, procedures, tools, and customer related processes.
 Hands-on engineering experience in automotive software.
 Hands on experience with tools that support safety engineering lifecycle.
 Track record in successful functional safety assessments is a plus.
 3+ years of experience performing functional safety assessments.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Experience with full SW lifecycle for at least 3 projects.
 Experience with ASPICE, CMMI or similar SW process.
 With competitive salaries and a generous benefits package, we are widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us and, due to outstanding growth, our exclusive engineering teams are rapidly growing. If you're a creative and autonomous engineer with a real passion for technology, we want to hear from you.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Automotive Technician jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Senior Automotive Technician salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
