
 
 
 
 HPC Site Engineer - Berkeley, CA 94701 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search HPC Site Engineer Hewlett Packard Enterprise 4,787 reviews Berkeley, CA 94701 Hewlett Packard Enterprise 4,787 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) advances the way people live and work. We bring together curious minds to create breakthrough technology solutions, helping our customers make their mark on the world. 
Our new innovative IT services organization is. 
At HPC, we focus on cutting edge, high-performance, high-scale customer solutions serving a wide range of industries and end-users. Our organization includes High Performance Computing (HPC), Artificial Intelligence (AI), Mission Critical Solutions (MCS), Edgeline, Moonshot and Hewlett Packard Labs. Within the family there is a range of technical and managerial customer on-site functions. The family of jobs is focused on managing the onsite delivering of software services, pre-sales, post-sales or service delivery support, installation and configuration for customer environments. The jobs solve various business systems, networking and applications problems for standard industry servers, specialized or complex clustered environments. Deliver reactive and proactive activities according to Service Level Agreement to ensure customer satisfaction and loyalty. Provides direct post-sales systems on site technical support for reactive and proactive customers. Each position maintains a high level of customer satisfaction by ensuring clear business and technical solution alignment, clarifying customer needs and ensuring that they are met. Jobs are responsible for company Total Customer Experience as well as the revenue growth, profitability, and account retention. 
At HPE, we have the expertise to advise, integrate, and accelerate our customers’ outcomes from their digital transformation. We aim to ensure our valued clients have the most effective solution to suit the demands on a dynamic and fast-paced, modern business and the expertise to achieve maximum business benefit. 
Sounds like you? Then we have the right opportunity—we are looking for a HPC System Engineer. In this amazing role, you will be responsible for holistic support of a large HPC solution, including both the HPE products and services plus all necessary third-party components (e.g. software, hardware, consulting). If you have a track record in a similar role, want to be part of a business that is growing—with great opportunities, and are ready for your next role, then please apply today. 
Responsibilities: 
Apply advanced technical knowledge to operate one or more technology areas (e.g. server administration, technical security management, performance management) or customer groups that are critical or high- risk. 
Integrate technical knowledge and business understanding to create solutions for customers. 
Resolve single- and cross- technology incidents independently. Work with team members to resolve unusually complex or cross- technology incidents. 
Proactively and reactively look for solutions to prevent problems from occurring in team/technology area. 
Apply company solutions to meet highly complex customer needs. 
Identify additional services that could lead to future service revenue growth. 
Provide technical consulting during contract renewal discussions. 
Build and maintain strong relationship up to senior management level in assigned accounts. 
Design and deliver support solutions using specific industry knowledge and expertise. 
Assist in managing delivery of industry support solutions. 
Lead Customer Expectation management as part of escalation process. 
Lead cross-team or large programs/projects. 
Coach or guide junior consultants 
Education and Experience Required: 
Bachelor's degree preferred or Associate degree (technical field) with 5- 7 years working experience in related field desired. 
Extensive knowledge and experience of Linux/Unix operating systems, networking and security 
2+ years of HPC-related experience, ideally with large-scale HPC, parallel file systems (Lustre), and their administration and support 
Direct experience and demonstrated proficiency with multiple programming and scripting languages (e.g. Perl, Python, C, Fortran, etc.) 
Familiar with maintaining system software through installation of upgrades and patches as needed 
Experience in effectively isolating hardware and software problems and driving issue resolutions through to conclusion 
Experience with project planning and management, process management and team or project leadership 
Ability to clearly document processes and procedures with a focus on mentoring and sharing knowledge 
Occasional travel for training and to support remote systems is required 
Participate in on-call rotation with other staff to provide 24x7 coverage to a group of customers 
Ability to routinely lift and carry 30 pound hardware components 
Knowledge and Skills: 
Excellent interpersonal, customer relations and problem management skills, with the ability to stay calm and professional under pressure while working to strict deadlines 
Good communication skills, both verbal and written 
Thorough knowledge of company products and services offerings, company organization, competition, third party products and market trends. 
Broad knowledge of corporate organization, job, and policies. 
Ability to lead and work effectively in a team environment to investigate and resolve complex problems 
Comprehensive business, technical or functional knowledge at an expert level. 
Communicate tactfully with diplomacy up to senior management levels within an organization. 
Active listening skills and ability to adjust messages to audience level. 
Problem-solving skills (proactive, reactive and creative). 
Able to employ exemplary consulting skills by becoming a trusted advisor to the customer and providing clarity to solution determination. 
Well versed in core technical competencies and peaked in some technical area(s) intermediate skills in project management, communication, analysis and presentation. 
Proactive recognition and recommendations of operational efficiencies. 
 Join us and make your mark! 
We offer: A competitive salary and extensive social benefits Diverse and dynamic work environment Work-life balance and support for career development An amazing life inside the element! Want to know more about it? 
Then let’s stay connected! 
https://www.facebook.com/HPECareers 
https://twitter.com/HPE_Careers 
HPE is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Veterans/Disabled/LGBT and Affirmative Action employer. We are committed to diversity and building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We do not discriminate and all decisions we make are made on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. Our goal is to be one global diverse team that is representative of our customers, in an inclusive environment where we can continue to innovate and grow together.
 1082038 Hewlett Packard Enterprise 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Site Engineer jobs in Berkeley, CA Jobs at Hewlett Packard Enterprise in Berkeley, CA Site Engineer salaries in Berkeley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Hewlett Packard Enterprise Hewlett Packard Enterprise 4,787 reviews Hewlett Packard Enterprise advances the way people live and work. 

What sets us apart? Our people. Our people’s relentless commitment ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
