
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Manager/Group Manager, Advisory - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Manager/Group Manager, Advisory Avanade 285 reviews Atlanta, GA Avanade 285 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Want to create customer value with digital and turn your ideas into human impact? So do we.
 
There’s one in every group—the person who dreams big and has the motivation to bring their ideas to life, even as others might roll their eyes and prefer to play it safe. Are you that person? One who isn’t afraid to break the mold and who gets inspired by the power of digital to transform organizations and ways of working? Because we are building teams of people like that to help our clients unlock the power they need now and own what’s next.
 
We are breaking apart the traditional process of setting strategies and goals first, then finding technologies to achieve them. In the digital age, there’s no time for that linear process. We partner with clients to accelerate value from digital innovation by being bold, imaginative - and fast. We think big and deliver personally. We relentlessly challenge, inspire, and support our client partners and each other.
 
Want the agility and energy of a start-up, backed by the resources of Accenture, Microsoft and the Center for Information Systems Research at MIT Sloan School of Management? Here you will find a team of people who thrive on turning ideas and innovations into breakthrough results for leading organizations around the globe. Ultimately, we’re not just making business better. We’re making life better for our clients and their customers.
 
If that sounds like you, you sound good to us. Find your next opportunity at Avanade Advisory.
 
 Overview: 
Avanade is seeking a Group Manager/Manager to expand its Data & Analytics Advisory capabilities. You will support engagements advising clients at the highest strategic level with big-picture and tactical guidance on how technology enables a wide range of business outcomes. You must possess exception analytical, interpersonal and creative thinking capabilities. You will need to be entrepreneurial, enterprising and personable, possessing exceptional leadership qualities, that allows you to assume a critical role in the Advisory Practice with an ability to scale over time. The work you're doing in this role will be of a Strategic nature rather than a software or technology architecture deliverable.
 
 Key Role Responsibilities: 
Operating with senior client executives (C-levels, VPs, Directors), you will assist our clients in successfully defining their Data and Analytics/ Artificial Intelligence Strategy, Transformation Initiatives, Investments and Operating Models to support their business priorities.
 
You will target initiatives to specific industries domains and at driving business value now and solving our client’s challenges by sophisticated analytics techniques to realize the promise of building an intelligent business eco-system.
 
 As a successful Manager or Group Manager, you will: 
 
 Lead the delivery of a broad range of Data, Analytics, Advanced Analytics, Visualization, Data Science, RPA and AI related Strategy / Advisory engagements 
 Possess deep understanding of trends and strategies for identifying and leveraging appropriate approaches and solutions to meet client business, financial and technical objectives 
 Conduct detailed analyses to understand and explain client problems and utilize standard consulting management skills such as facilitation, interviewing, gap analysis, etc. 
 Lead the design and delivery of Data/Analytics Strategy, advisory engagements involving strategy, roadmap and longer-term COE models (Operating models) 
 Lead the scoping, definition and delivery of Data Governance assessments, workshops and client engagements 
 Conduct quick value discovery engagements in Data & AI to identify applicable industry use-cases, help clients understand the effort, potential benefits, and develop an opportunity prioritization matrix 
 Lead strategy engagements with clients to create clear and actionable strategic roadmaps and supporting business cases that both delineate a broader end-game, while also prioritizing quick wins with near-term measurable impact 
 Demonstrate thought leadership to advise clients on Data/Analytics, AI and automation strategy and detailed use cases development by industry 
 Actively contribute to the creation of client proposals for consulting and/or transformation engagements focused on Data/Analytics/ AI and automation 
 Monitor technology trends and raise awareness of capabilities and innovations in selected domains of expertise and contribute towards industry specific offerings 
 
 Required Skills & Experience: 
 
 6+ years of Management Consulting experience from a top management or professional services firm 
 Defining AI and IoT Strategy, Operating Models and advisory experience 
 Understanding of user experience 
 Previous experience working on multiple Advisory / Strategy engagements in a highly matrixed external client facing environment, with Talent & Project & Budget Management responsibilities 
 Superb communication, presentation and facilitation skills 
 Aptitude for critical and analytical thinking as well as the capacity to accept out-of-the box solutions 
 Autonomous, positive problem solver, and aptitude to work independently or part of a multi-disciplinary team 
 Practical Business Architecture experience (business / operation models, personas, process modelling) 
 Knowledge of the Data/ Analytics strategy and COE definition 
 Bachelor’s degree in related field, MBA preferred 
 
 Preferred Experience and Skills: 
The following skills and capabilities are central to the role, depending on Service Area expertise:
 
 
 Cross-sector and functional experience highly desirable (Financial Services/ Healthcare/ Life Sciences/ Manufacturing/ Supply Chain) 
 Data, Analytics Strategy, Maturity assessment & Roadmap (using Microsoft technologies) 
 COE Setup and Operationalization Plan (Analytics related) 
 Data Governance and Management 
 Process Re-Engineering, Transformation and Adoption 
 Sound knowledge in Strategy development involving areas such as Data Architecture, Data Hubbing / Integration, Data Modeling, Data Governance & Management, Data Quality, Data Security, Reporting & Analytics, BI Governance, BI Self-Service 
 
 Avanade 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Group Manager jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Avanade in Atlanta, GA Group Manager salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Avanade Avanade 285 reviews Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud services, business solutions and design-led experiences on the Microsoft ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
