
 
 
 
 Applied Artificial Intelligence (AI) Research Scientist - San Jose, CA 95113 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Applied Artificial Intelligence (AI) Research Scientist Accenture San Jose, CA 95113 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Accenture is a leading global professional services company, providing a broad range of services and solutions in strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries and all business functions – underpinned by the world’s largest delivery network – Accenture works at the intersection of business and technology to help clients improve their performance and create sustainable value for their stakeholders. With approximately 469,000 people serving clients in more than 120 countries, Accenture drives innovation to improve the way the world works and lives. Visit us at www.accenture.com. 
 People in the  Innovation & Thought Leadership  career track drive asset innovation and marketplace reputation within a specific area of expertise. They grow into thought leadership roles, by increasing the depth of their expertise and reputation as an expert or innovator, and can progress either in role, laterally, or upward. 
 The  Applied Artificial Intelligence (AI) Research Scientist  role entails end to end design and development of a functional component of the AI solution within the Artificial Intelligence, Insights and Intelligence group. Active collaboration with clients/client teams and broader AI, business, product, engineering, testing, and deployment teams within Accenture is expected. 
 About the Team: 
 Artificial Intelligence, Insights and Intelligence team focuses on building scalable enterprise AI solutions that augment the humans/ agents. The focus is to make the business processes more efficient thereby enhancing the overall end user experience. The team works with clients across diverse domains – Finance and Accounting, Customer Engagement, Marketing, Talent & HR, Procurement, Content Moderation spanning across industries 
 Key Responsibilities: 
 Translate the business requirements into technical requirements 
 Analyze the data and data preparation to build the AI models 
 Benchmark of the right AI models/ libraries that should be used for development 
 Optimize the AI models built 
 Integrate the functional component with the broader AI architecture 
 Follow the testing and deployment standards 
 
 Basic Qualifications: 
 
 Ph.D. or Masters 
 Minimum of 2 years of experience in natural language processing (NLP), artificial intelligence techniques, machine learning, deep learning, computer vision in corporate or academic research environments (including years in PhD or postdoc if the projects are in related areas) 
 Minimum of 2 years’ experience in Python programming 
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 Preferred degree concentrations - Computer Science, Computer or Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Artificial Intelligence, Data Mining, Machine Learning or related scientific fields 
 Ability to understand business context, generate ideas, and come up with creative solutions 
 Proven programming skills to enable rapid prototyping and implementation of solutions 
 Ability to work in a global collaborative team environment 
 Proficient verbal and written communication skills in English 
 Experience in product development particularly applying Artificial Intelligence 
 
 Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
 Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative, more competitive and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. 
 All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. 
 Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. 
 For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement 
 Requesting An Accommodation 
 Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. 
 If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at  1 (877) 889-9009 , send us an email or speak with your recruiter. 
 Other Employment Statements 
 Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. 
 Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. 
 Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. 
 The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information. Accenture 30+ days ago original job Report job Research Scientist jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Accenture in San Jose, CA Research Scientist salaries in San Jose, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
