
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence SME - Alexandria, VA 22312 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence SME Modern Technology Solutions, Inc. 41 reviews Alexandria, VA 22312 Modern Technology Solutions, Inc. 41 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview: 
Modern Technology Solutions, Inc. (MTSI) is seeking an Artificial Intelligence SME to lead the management, development, and maintenance of DoD technology modernization roadmaps. You will develop technology roadmaps to inform DoD leadership, outside agencies, Congress, Industry, Academia, Professional Societies and others. 
MTSI is a 100% employee-owned engineering firm founded by USAF veterans in 1993. We have grown every year since by hiring the best and putting employees first (our first core value). 
Why is MTSI known as a Great Place to Work? 
Interesting Work:  Our co-workers support some of the most important and critical programs to our national defense and security. 
Values:  Our first core value is that employees come first. We challenge our co-workers to provide the highest level of support and service, and reward them with some of the best benefits in the industry. 
100% Employee Ownership:  we have a stake in each other's success, and the success of our customers. It's also nice to know what's going on across the company; we have company wide town-hall meetings three times a year. 
Great Benefits: 
20 days PTO/year + 10 holidays/year 
Flexible schedules 
6% 401k match with immediate vesting 
Semi-annual bonus eligibility (July and December) 
Company funded Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) - a separate qualified retirement account 
Up to $10,000 in annual tuition reimbursement 
Other company funded benefits 
Optional zero deductible Blue Cross/Blue Shield health insurance plan 
Track Record of Success:  We have grown every year since our founding in 1993. 
Modern Technology Solutions, Inc. from MTSI on Vimeo. 
MTSI’s core capabilities are Systems Engineering and Integration, Modeling and Simulation, Test and Evaluation, Acquisition and Program Support, and Mission Assurance services. Our expertise includes ballistic missile defense, air defense, air vehicle survivability, unmanned aircraft, flight test operations, intelligence support, and cyber/space/homeland defense. 
For additional company information, please visit: www.mtsi-va.com 
Responsibilities:
 Support Program Director in oversight of and technical assistance to the Joint Artificial Intelligence Center (JAIC). 
Maintain modernization tech roadmaps related to Artificial Intelligence and related technologies. Roadmaps shall include all DoD activities and applicable program elements.
 Modernization roadmaps shall be current and updated at the direction of the respective Program Director 
Coordinate roadmaps with key stakeholders, including DoD leaders, the Services/Agencies and other key partners 
Refine and update S&T roadmaps based on feedback from stakeholders and changes to technology development investments. 
Assist and prepare presentations and reports to DoD leadership, outside agencies, Congress, Industry, Academia, Professional Societies and others as directed by your Program Director. 
Track department-wide budgets for efforts aligning with their respective Program Director. 
Prepare and conduct meetings related to your Program Director's focus area (Artificial Intelligence) 
Qualifications:
 Clearance: DoD TS with SCI eligibility within the last 12 months 
Minimum Degree: Minimum of Masters Degree in a relevant Science, Technology, Engineering or Math discipline
 14+ years’ total relevant experience and at least 7 years' of recent direct experience in artificial intelligence, machine learning (AI/ML), and/or software development. 
#LI-MR1 
#MTSI 
AST2 
STER Modern Technology Solutions, Inc. 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Jobs at Modern Technology Solutions in Alexandria, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Modern Technology Solutions, Inc. Modern Technology Solutions, Inc. 41 reviews A fast-paced and dynamic 100% employee-owned and operated technology firm, Modern Technology Solutions, Inc. (MTSI) provides leading-edge... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
