
 
 
 
 English Speakers - Part Time/Full Time - Flexible Schedules - Tempe, AZ 85284 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search English Speakers - Part Time/Full Time - Flexible Schedules TransPerfect 289 reviews Tempe, AZ 85284 TransPerfect 289 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description TransPerfect Is More Than Just a Job…
 
Our greatest asset is our people, and nothing is more important to us than ensuring that everyone knows that. Each of our 90+ offices has its own individual identity, and each also has its own unique rewards.
 English Speakers - Part Time/Full Time - Flexible Schedules
 We are looking for  English speakers  to join us on a new innovative and interesting job to improve Artificial Intelligence (i.e. as speech or text recognition, input methods, keyboard/swipe technology or other areas of human-machine interaction related to languages).
 As  Image Captioner  for the AI Division, you will perform some or all of the following tasks:
 Process and digitize everything that is pictured in an image, such as a photograph of a menu, sign, letter, etc.
 Create small descriptions of pictures and photographies following a defined structure.
 Label images according to a series of categories pre-defined.
 What we offer:
 Flexible Full Time and Part Time Shifts available, Open hours: 7 am - 7 pm.
 Weekends only shifts also available.
 Location: 1725 W Greentree Dr #101, Tempe, AZ 85284.
 Requirements
 Native Level Speaker of English.
 Are of legal age (18+).
 Ability to meet daily KPI's.
 Excellent time management
 Ability to work independently
 Flexibility, ability to adapt and react to changing priorities quickly and efficiently
 Ability to track, analyze, and report issues
 Full-time availability
 Availability to work from our  Tempe office.
 Ability to understand and implement feedback.
 Find comfort in detail-oriented work.
 APPLY HERE:  http://https://translations.recruitee.com/o/english-speakers-image-captioners TransPerfect 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Speaker jobs in Tempe, AZ Jobs at TransPerfect in Tempe, AZ Speaker salaries in Tempe, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from TransPerfect TransPerfect 289 reviews For more than 25 years, TransPerfect has provided comprehensive language and technology solutions to help our clients communicate and con... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
