
 
 
 
 Senior Product Director - Identity - Los Angeles, CA 90001 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Product Director - Identity Zeta Global 31 reviews Los Angeles, CA 90001 Zeta Global 31 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Zeta Global is seeking a senior product director to lead development, planning, and delivery of products for Zeta's Identity ecosystem. Zeta’s Data Cloud transforms billions of data signals into meaningful marketing and advertising outcomes, and resolution, reach, and accuracy of our core identity platform is at the center of it all. We're looking for a product leader with deep understanding of identity to build products that can change the way the world's top brands understand their customers. 
Responsibilities 
Develop, maintain, and communicate a strategic roadmap for aspects of Zeta's Identity Graph, collaborating with design, engineering, data science, product managers, and business teams to prioritize, and develop impactful technologies, balancing business objectives, client needs, and innovative product vision. 
Lead, manage, and mentor a small team of product managers aligned to the Zeta Data product, ensuring productive and aligned progress toward company and team objectives. 
Drive global product definition, planning, market positioning, and product design (including writing PRDs) of new initiatives and enhancements to the Zeta Marketing Platform, ensuring alignment of cross-functional development, marketing, sales, and operations teams across the full lifecycle of products. 
Manage development timelines and ensure consistent, high quality, delivery of usable and effective data products. 
Inform and develop Zeta's technology platform infrastructure in partnership with engineering through market, industry, and technology research. 
Act as a leading evangelist of Zeta's data products and participate in customer advisory board sessions and discussions with clients, Zeta executives, thought leaders and market analysts. 
Qualifications 
We are looking for people who have: 
At least five years of experience overseeing probabilistic and deterministic identity products in marketing, analytics, or digital advertising; a computer science undergraduate degree or equivalent, plus hands-on software engineering experience is a plus. 
A proven track record of solving complex technical problems and partnering with agile engineering teams to translate customer needs into impactful products. 
Strong knowledge of identity fundamentals including data compliance and governance, graph database technologies, data analysis and hygiene. 
Fluidity with data and transforming them into insightful stories that can inform a product roadmap. 
#LI-MC1 
About Zeta Global 
Zeta Global is a data-powered marketing technology company with a heritage of innovation and industry leadership. Founded in 2007 by entrepreneur David A. Steinberg and John Sculley, former CEO of Apple Inc and Pepsi-Cola, the Company combines the industry’s 3rd largest proprietary data set (2.4B+ identities) with Artificial Intelligence to unlock consumer intent, personalize experiences and help our clients drive business growth. 
Our technology runs on the Zeta Marketing Platform, which powers ‘end to end’ marketing programs for some of the world’s leading brands. With expertise encompassing all digital marketing channels – Email, Display, Social, Search and Mobile – Zeta orchestrates acquisition and engagement programs that deliver results that are scalable, repeatable and sustainable. 
Zeta Global is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, ancestry, color, religion, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, medical condition, disability, veterans status, or any other basis protected by law. 
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. 
Zeta Global Recognized in Enterprise Marketing Software and Cross-Channel Campaign Management Reports by Independent Research Firm 
https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-opens-ai-data-labs-in-san-francisco-and-nyc-300945353.html 
 
 https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-recognized-in-enterprise-marketing-software-and-cross-channel-campaign-management-reports-by-independent-research-firm-300938241.html Zeta Global 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Product Management jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at Zeta Global in Los Angeles, CA Director of Product Management salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Zeta Global 31 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
