
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence (AI) / Machine Learning (ML) Architect - Roseland, NJ 07068 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence (AI) / Machine Learning (ML) Architect ADP 6,649 reviews Roseland, NJ 07068 ADP 6,649 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. We believe people make great companies, not the other way around. Our people make all the difference in delivering innovative HR technologies and solutions that help employees all over the world do their jobs better. The result? We're building the next generation of ADP technologies. 
 
ADP is looking for an AI / Chatbot Architect.
 
You will design, develop, architect and deploy enterprise solutions. This includes components across the Artificial Intelligence spectrum such as Chatbots, Voicebots, Virtual Assistants, Machine Learning, and Cognitive Services. 
 
You will develop new solutions across the Artificial Intelligence spectrum such as Chatbots, Voicebots, Virtual Assistants using Machine Learning and Cognitive Services. You will need deep knowledge of technology strategy consulting, enterprise architectures, AI technologies, AI solution development and deployment, and data management. You will also need to communicate to senior Leadership and influence change. It requires knowledge in a broad spectrum of architecture domains including Data Architecture, Infrastructure Architecture, Application Architecture, Security Architecture, and Integration Architecture. As well as working cross functionally across with technical and non-technical teams. Experience of Natural language programming (NLP), and Cognitive voice and related technologies. 
 Should have minimum 5 years architecture experience across all relevant Maching Learing and Artificial Intelligence technologies in order to create a viable product You have extensive programming experience in multiple languages and thrive in a collaborative environment
 You can create compelling and articulate arguments to Senior Leadership when presenting or negotiating on projects
 This role requires expert command of the English language, semantics, vocabulary and grammar 
 #LITECH 
#LI-AA2 
 Explore our COVID-19 page  https://jobs.adp.com/covid19/  to understand how ADP is approaching safety, travel, the hiring interview process, and more. 
 We’re designing a better way to work, so you can achieve what you’re working for. Consistently named one of the ‘Most Admired Companies’ by FORTUNE® Magazine, and recognized by DiversityInc® as one of the ‘Top 50 Companies for Diversity,’ ADP works with more than 740,000 organizations across the globe to help their people work smarter, embrace new challenges, and unleash their talent. “Always Designing for People” means we’re creating platforms that will transform how great work gets done, so together we can unlock a world of opportunity. 
At ADP, we believe that diversity fuels innovation. ADP is committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, genetic information, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, lawful alien status, national origin, age, marital status, or protected veteran status. We support an inclusive workplace where associates excel based on personal merit, qualifications, experience, ability, and job performance. ADP 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Roseland, NJ Jobs at ADP in Roseland, NJ Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Roseland, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from ADP ADP 6,649 reviews Consistently named one of the ‘Most Admired Companies’ by FORTUNE® Magazine, and recognized by DiversityInc® as one of the ‘Top 50 Compan... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
