
 
 
 
 Sr. Accountant I - Inventory and Cost - Boise, ID - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Accountant I - Inventory and Cost Micron 1,039 reviews Boise, ID Micron 1,039 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Micron’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.  Join an inclusive team focused on one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can spark the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Req. ID: 286281 
As a Sr. Accountant I - Inventory and Cost, you will be responsible for the valuation of Micron’s memory products from raw silicon through final sale to the end customer. We manufacture our products in the United States, Singapore, Taiwan, Japan, Malaysia, and China. This will require collaboration with product cost teams across all locations. Our team members are encouraged to use innovative problem-solving skills to maintain dynamic product flows and meet customers’ needs. You will provide critical support to the Financial Planning and Forecast team, External Reporting team, and assist with special projects as directed. Sr. Cost and Inventory Accountants will develop expertise in Micron’s manufacturing and ERP systems which provide an excellent foundation for career advancement throughout Micron. As a candidate for this position, you should be dedicated to the Micron Values: collaboration, customer focus, tenacity, innovation, and people. 
Responsibilities include but not limited to: 
Ensure accurate valuation of Micron’s inventory. 
Diagnose the cause of variances related to inventory units and manufacturing activity. 
Generate product cost information to enable decision support and financial forecasting. 
Manage changes to valuation models to support evolving product portfolios. 
Ensure internal controls are effectively designed and executed. 
Support a standard costing ERP system for inventory valuation. 
Identify issues impacting the accuracy of inventory valuation and recommend solutions. 
Provide ongoing support of management information requests and special projects. 
Requirements: 
3 years of experience in Finance, Accounting, Financial Controlling, or related fields (electronics, semiconductor or other high-tech manufacturing is preferred) 
Bachelor’s degree in finance, accounting or related field of study
 CPA or MBA is preferred 
Preferred Skills: 
Results-oriented, with a growth mentality and strong dedication to identify and implement improvement opportunities 
A strategic, analytical and creative thinker who can translate findings into insight and develop tangible action plans for implementation 
Able to analyze general ledger transactions and solve complex problems 
Driven to bring value to the Micron’s business units through customer-focused analysis 
Passion to work on a global, diverse team with the ability to communicate effectively 
Experience with SAP Enterprise Resource Planning Systems
 SQL, Microsoft Power BI, and advanced Microsoft Excel 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
Micron prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and other international and industry labor standards. 
Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron. 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Keywords: Boise || Idaho (US-ID) || United States (US) || SGA || Experienced || Regular || Accounting/Finance || #LI-SC2 || Tier 4 || Micron 28 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Cost Accountant jobs in Boise, ID Jobs at Micron in Boise, ID Senior Cost Accountant salaries in Boise, ID Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Micron 1,039 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
