
 
 
 
 Sr Systems Administrator (Remote - Work from Home) - Franklin, MA 02038 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr Systems Administrator (Remote - Work from Home) Interactions 166 reviews Franklin, MA 02038 Remote Interactions 166 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who is Interactions?
 
Interactions, LLC is the world’s largest independent AI company. We operate at the intersection of customer experience and AI – two of today’s most innovative and dynamic industries. Since 2004, we’ve helped leading companies like MetLife, Citi , Shutterfly , and LifeLock have millions of successful conversations, resulting in saving operational cost and increasing productivity.
 
Interactions’ 5-year vision is to accelerate a transition from today’s frustrating and uninspired customer service experiences into amazing conversational engagements! Allowing customers to communicate in their own words and on their channel of choice, to accomplish tasks, all without having to go through an agent. In doing this via our conversational AI engine, our customers benefit from dramatically improved customer experience and increased customer engagement, while also saving significant and demonstrable operational expenses.
 Job Description
 As a member of one of our Technology teams, you will contribute to building solutions that use natural language processing, cognitive computing, and artificial intelligence applications or the frameworks and infrastructure that support them.
 The Senior Systems Administrator is responsible for designing, planning, deploying, supporting and administering systems. The Senior System Administrator is also responsible for the implementation of appropriate tools to manage the Company's multi-site, 24x7 infrastructure.
 
Members of the Technical Operations team are the engine that drives Interactions. We are integral to the speed and stability of the Interactions locomotive. Not only will you support a 7x24x365 production environment, you will play with cutting-edge technologies, work on high-value projects and have a real opportunity to influence the direction of a highly successful company.
 
Interactions Technical Operations is a high-functioning, hard-driving and fun-loving group of professionals that define what it means to be a TEAM. Supporting data centers in the U.S. and Europe, we’re looking to add another member to our ranks and need someone who is intelligent, curious, driven and loves challenges and gets bored easily. You will be made better by the people you work with and you must understand that our degree of success is directly proportional to our strength as a team.
 
 Essential Job Functions* : 
Maintain up to date, accurate documentation of all system configurations in company repositories.
 
Propose, develop and implement processes, policies and procedures related to the management of the company's infrastructure, including reliability, scalability, and security.
 
Manage and monitor infrastructure hardware and software, 3rd party software, server performance, space utilization, support, backups and disaster recovery.
 
Deploy system hardware, software and maintain patches and updates.
 
Actively participate in strategic technology planning and budget planning processes.
 
Research, evaluate and recommend solutions to improve and scale our service delivery infrastructure.
 
Participate in On-Call rotation requiring incident ownership from start to finish.
 
 Preparation, Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: 
 Required: 
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience..
 
5+ years experience in a similar role
 
Shell scripting experience and, at least one language.
 
Experience with enterprise level monitoring platforms.
 
Knowledge of DHCP and DNS (bind) services, SMTP, NTP.
 
Experience in security policy and access controls for networks, systems, and users, LDAP.
 
High Availability design, performance analysis and deployment experience.
 
Knowledgeable about SAN performance and layout.
 
Deep knowledge of Centos/Redhat administration.
 
Familiarity with VMware Virtualization
 
Experience with problem identification, isolation, and resolution.
 
Why Work at Interactions?
 
We've created a culture of people who are dedicated to helping each other and the company succeed. We take time to celebrate wins and recognize accomplishments. Whether it’s a seasonal event or friendly competition, we’re always thinking of new ways to have fun.
 
Our team's health and well-being is important to us. In addition to a full suite of benefits, we offer 5 weeks of time off with pay, 401k matching, paid parental leave and flexible work schedules. We are all committed to the company’s success by being valued shareowners and are incentivized through individual performance and company results. Come join us!
 
Interactions is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, and gender identity), national origin, marital status, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Interactions LLC 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Systems Administrator jobs in Franklin, MA Jobs at Interactions in Franklin, MA Senior Systems Administrator salaries in Franklin, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Interactions Interactions 166 reviews Interactions, a primarily virtual company, is the world’s largest independent artificial intelligence company. We operate at the intersec... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
