
 
 
 
 Commercial Counsel, Technical Infrastructure - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Commercial Counsel, Technical Infrastructure Google 3,871 reviews San Francisco, CA Google 3,871 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location for this position from the following:  Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA 
Minimum qualifications: 
 
JD degree or equivalent degree. 
 7 years of attorney experience in business development, intellectual property matters and contract law. 
 Admitted to the bar and in good standing or otherwise authorized to practice law in California. 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
5 years of relevant work experience in the semiconductor industry. 
 Extensive background in drafting, managing and negotiating IP core license agreements, EDA tool licenses, services agreements, purchase agreements, software license agreements and intellectual property transactions. 
 Direct knowledge and experience in multiple aspects of semiconductor design and manufacturing. 
 Experience advising and managing clients in complex commercial and IP transactions. 
 Excellent English communication skills, both verbally and in writing. 
 Organizational skills and the ability to manage several simultaneous projects under deadline pressure. 
 About the job 
As Corporate Counsel at Google, you work on the most exciting legal issues as disruptive technological innovations require creative and proactive legal guidance. You're part of a whip-smart group of in-house lawyers and the projects and cases you take on challenge you to think big and differently. You are collaborative - ready to partner in initiatives that influence all aspects of the business and work with Googlers from all over the company. As an integrated part of the team, you proactively assess legal risks and advise on products that will not only move information into the 21st century, but move information law forward as well. 
 
Technical Infrastructure builds the hardware and systems that power Google’s services, meaning that you'll be exposed to practically every department throughout Google - you'll be closely involved in the development and launch of new platforms, products and semiconductor devices.
 As Commercial Counsel supporting Technical Infrastructure, you work on the most exciting legal issues as disruptive technological innovations require creative and proactive legal guidance. You will work with engineers, product developers, business development and other legal team members to support new products, services and platform technology in a collegial, fast-paced team environment. 
 You will be closely involved in the design and manufacture of the custom semiconductors that power Google’s artificial intelligence and machine learning services and more. 
20th century laws don't always solve 21st century problems, and Google Legal crafts innovative approaches for handling some of the toughest legal challenges of the information age. Whether you're a patent attorney, an intellectual property expert or an engineer headed to law school, Google Legal lets you take on unanswered legal quandaries and create new precedents. Our innovative services raise challenging questions that demand creative and practical answers. We provide those answers by working at the crossroads of the law and new technology, helping Google build innovative and important products for users around the world. 
Responsibilities 
 Review, draft and consult contracts, licenses and intellectual property agreements on a daily basis and ensure compliance with company policies and risk tolerance.
 Advise clients on agreements and transactions relating to semiconductor design, IP licensing and software licensing. 
 Train clients on IP licensing and contract negotiation. 
 Advise clients and other cross functional stakeholders on legal issues and risks, company policies and procedures, legal and business strategy, regulatory and compliance requirements, summarizing and communicating legal concepts that engineers and business people can use. 
 Support the continuous improvement of standard form agreements, client training and legal processes. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Counsel jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Google in San Francisco, CA Counsel salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,871 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
