
 
 
 
 INTELLIGENCE SPECIALIST - Salt Lake City, UT - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search INTELLIGENCE SPECIALIST US Department of the Air Force 28,166 reviews Salt Lake City, UT US Department of the Air Force 28,166 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $92,143 - $119,787 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 OPEN TO THE PUBLIC 
 
The primary purpose of this position is to serve as a subject-matter expert in regards to all matters relating to sensitive activities and is responsible for cradle-to-grave conception and implementation of signature reduction projects that incorporate organizational directives and emerging technological advances. 
 
 *** Salary ranges includes local market supplements *** 
 
The organizational location of this position is: HQ AFSOC (DATA MASKED). 
 Responsibilities 
 As a sensitive activities specialist, incumbent is responsible for providing subject-matter expertise for operational planning and execution. 
 Serves as a sensitive activities support officer and as such accomplishes difficult projects, programs, or assignments related to evaluating and reviewing tools and techniques. 
 Serves as a project development expert and guides new initiatives and programs toward a desired end-state. 
 Travel Required 
 Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position. 
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 13
 Job family (Series) 
 0132 Intelligence
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 U.S. Citizenship Required 
 All new DCIPS employees are required to complete a two-year DCIPS trial period 
 Must Obtain/Maintain Top Secret Security Clearance with SCI 
 PCS expenses are authorized and will be paid IAW JTR and Air Force Regulations 
 Recruitment incentives may be authorized 
 Must be registered for Selective Service, see Legal and Regulatory Guide 
 This is a Pre-Employment and Random Drug Testing designated position 
 Incumbent must possess and maintain a valid state driver's license 
 Travel by any or all modes of commercial or military conveyance may be required in performance of temporary duty 
 Incumbent is subject to after duty hours recall based on operational situations 
 Work is in a field support setting or a traditional office setting in a windowless vault/secure facility with artificial lighting, air conditioning and heating 
 Disclosure of Political Appointments 
 Qualifications 
 This is a GG-13 position in the Defense Civilian Intelligence Personnel System (DCIPS). The GG-13 duties for the "Professional" work category are at the "Full Performance" work level and are equivalent to those at the GS-13 level. The selectee's salary will be set within the grade equivalent to a GS/GG grade based on the selectee's qualifications in relation to the job. 
 
 SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE:  Your resume must reflect the quality level of experience which demonstrates the possession of the knowledge, skills, abilities, and competencies necessary for successful job performance required for this position. Examples of creditable experience include: knowledge of all aspects of worldwide sensitive activities and employment mission requirements, including offensive and defensive employment operations for all air assets; and knowledge of joint special operations doctrine to include domestic and overseas command relationships with the ability to interpret and evaluate sensitive activity guidance and applications. Note: Creditable experience may include previous military experience, experience gained in the private sector, or experience gained in another government agency. 
 
 OR 
 
To view qualifying educational requirements and/or combination of education and specialized experience click on the following link: 
http://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=GS-ADMIN 
 
 KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs ): Your qualifications will be evaluated on the basis of your level of knowledge, skills, abilities and/or competencies in the following areas: 
 
1. Knowledge of all aspects of worldwide sensitive activities and employment mission requirements, including offensive and defensive employment operations for all air assets. 
2. Knowledge of joint special operations doctrine to include domestic and overseas command relationships with the ability to interpret and evaluate sensitive activity guidance and applications. 
3. Knowledge of DoD and USAF polices on special access programs controls and procedures, document control and accountability. 
4. Skill and ability to develop, analyze, and evaluate policies, programs, standards, and procedures to meet classified mission requirements. 
5. Ability to communicate orally and in writing clearly, concisely, and accurately. 
6. Ability to establish effective professional working relationships with coworkers, high-ranking officials, and customers, contributing to a cooperative working environment and successful accomplishment of the mission. 
 
 PART-TIME OR UNPAID EXPERIENCE : Credit will be given for appropriate unpaid and or part-time work. You must clearly identify the duties and responsibilities in each position held and the total number of hours per week. 
 
 VOLUNTEER WORK EXPERIENCE : Refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service Programs (i.e., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student and social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge and skills that can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
 Education 
 IF USING EDUCATION TO QUALIFY:  If position has a positive degree requirement or education forms the basis for qualifications, you  MUST  submit transcriptswith the application. Official transcripts are not required at the time of application; however, if position has a positive degree requirement, qualifying based on education alone or in combination with experience, transcripts must be verified prior to appointment. An accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education must accredit education. Click here to check accreditation. 
 
 FOREIGN EDUCATION : Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. You must show proof the education credentials have been deemed to be at least equivalent to that gained in conventional U.S. education program. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying.
 Additional information 
 Employed Annuitants (Reemployed Annuitants):  Applicants in receipt of an annuity based on civilian employment in the Federal Service are subject to the DoD Policy on The Employment of Annuitants. Click here for more information. 
 
 120-Day Register:  This announcement may result in a 120-day register that may be used to fill like vacancies for 120 days after the closing date. Applicants may be referred for consideration as vacancies occur. 
 
 Direct Deposit:  All federal employees are required to have direct deposit. 
 
If you are unable to apply online, view the following link for information regarding Alternate Application. The Vacancy ID is 11101379. 
 
 If you have questions regarding this announcement and have hearing or speech difficulties click  here . 
 
Selectees who physically reside permanently in the U.S., the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or Northern Mariana Islands, and the Possessions of the U.S., during the entire recruitment process (application, selection, and acceptance of a formal job offer) and selected for employment in the foreign area are eligible to receive certain foreign area benefits such as: Living Quarters Allowance (LQA) or government quarters, Post Allowance, Home Leave, etc. (subject to approval) 
 
Selectees who physically reside outside the U.S., the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or Northern Mariana Islands, and the Possessions of the U.S., during any step of the recruitment process (application, selection, and acceptance of a formal job offer) will have foreign area benefits eligibility be determined on a case by case basis. 
 
 Tax Law Impact for PCS:  On 22-Dec-2017, Public Law 115-97 - the "Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017" suspended qualified moving expense deductions along with the exclusion for employer reimbursements and payments of moving expenses effective 01-Jan-2018 for tax years 2018 through 2025. The law made taxable certain reimbursements and other payments, including driving mileage, airfare and lodging expenses, en-route travel to the new duty station, and temporary storage of those items. The Federal Travel Regulation Bulletin (FTR) 18-05 issued by General Services Administration (GSA) has authorized agencies to use the Withholding Tax Allowance (WTA) and Relocation Income Tax Allowance (RITA) to pay for "substantially all" of the increased tax liability resulting from the "2018 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act" for certain eligible individuals. For additional information on WTA/RITA allowances and eligibilities please click here. Subsequently, FTR Bulletin 20-04 issued by GSA, provides further information regarding NDAA FY2020, Public Law 116-92, and the expansion of eligibility beyond "transferred" for WTA/RITA allowances. For additional information, please click here. 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 Your application package (resume, supporting documents, and responses to the questionnaire) will be used to determine your eligibility, qualifications, and quality ranking for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment. 
 
Your responses to the questionnaire may be compared to the documents you submit. The documents you submit must support your responses to the online questionnaire. If your application contradicts or does not support your questionnaire responses, you will receive a rating of "not qualified" or "insufficient information" and you will not receive further consideration for this job. 
 
Applicants who disqualify themselves will not be evaluated further. 
 
 BASIS OF RATING: 
Your application will be rated under the Cut Point procedures based on the extent to which the quality, depth, and complexity of your experience and education relate to the qualifications requirement. Additional points are not added for Veteran's Preference; however, Veteran Preference is still applied. 
 
 Category 3, Best Qualified:  Candidates in this category possess exceptional skills and experience to exceed well above the minimum requirements. 
 Category 2, Fully Qualified:  Candidates in this category possess good skills and experience above the minimum requirements. 
 Category 1, Basically Qualified:  Candidates in this category meet the minimum education and/or experience requirements. 
 
Once the application process is complete, a review of your application will be made to ensure you meet the job requirements. To determine if you are qualified for this job, a review of your resume and supporting documentation will be made and compared against your responses to the assessment questionnaire. The numeric rating you received is based on your responses to the questionnaire. The score is a measure of the degree to which your background matches the knowledge, skills and abilities required of this position. If, after reviewing your resume and or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or experience, your score can and will be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities. Please follow all instructions carefully. 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Sensitive Compartmented Information
 Drug test required 
 Yes
 Position sensitivity and risk 
 Special-Sensitive (SS)/High Risk
 Trust determination process 
 Suitability/Fitness
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 The following documents are required and must be provided with your application.  Applicants who do not submit required documentation to determine eligibility and qualifications will be eliminated from consideration.  Other documents may be required based on the eligibility/eligibilities you are claiming. Click  here  to view the AF Civilian Employment Eligibility Guide and the required documents you must submit to substantiate the eligibilities you are claiming. 
 
 Online Application: Questionnaire 
 Resume: For qualification determinations your resume must contain hours worked per week (if part-time) and dates of employment (i.e., month/year to month/year or month/year to present). If your resume does not contain this information, your application may be marked as insufficient and you will not receive consideration for this position. If you are a current Federal employee or previous Federal employee, provide your pay plan, series and grade, i.e. GS-0301-09. Current Federal Civilian Employees should list any relevant performance related rating (given within the last three years) and/or incentive awards in your resume. Do  NOT  include photographs (or links to social media such as  LinkedIn ), inappropriate material, inappropriate content, nor personal information such as age, gender, religion, social security number, etc., on your resume. 
 Transcripts/Registration/License: If qualifying on education/position requires education, you must submit copies of your transcripts and  if required  for the position, submit an active, current registration/license. 
 Current or Former Federal Civilian Employees (includes current Air Force employees): You must submit a legible copy/copies of your last or most recent SF-50,  Notification of Personnel Action . The SF-50, block 24 must contain "1" or "2" AND block 34 must be a "1". Employees eligible under an OPM approved interchange agreement, block 34 may contain a "1" or "2". 
 OCONUS - Current or Former Federal Civilian Employees (includes current Air Force employees): You must submit a legible copy of a SF-50,  Notification of Personnel Action . The SF-50, block 24 must contain "1" or "2" and block 34 must be a"1". Employees eligible under an OPM approved interchange agreement, block 34 may contain a "1" or "2". NOTE: For OCONUS employees who claim eligibility MSP or Family Member Preference, your SF-50 may contain a "3" in block 24 and a "2" in block 34. 
 
 
 OPTIONAL DOCUMENTS: 
 Performance Appraisals for Current Federal Civilian Employees  - Most recent performance appraisals (dated within last 3 years) showing the official rating of record, signed by a supervisor, or statement why the performance appraisal is unavailable. 
 Awards for Current Federal Civilian employees  - List any awards received within the last 3 years on the resume. 
 Note: Applicant must not submit award SF50s-Notification of Personnel Actions (SF50s). 
 If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
 Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
 Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 Review our benefits
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 The public
 U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S. usajobs.gov 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Intelligence Specialist jobs in Salt Lake City, UT Intelligence Specialist salaries in Salt Lake City, UT Company Info Follow Get job updates from US Department of the Air Force US Department of the Air Force 28,166 reviews The mission of the United States Air Force is to fly, fight and win in air, space and cyberspace. Our rich history and our vision guide o... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
