
 
 
 
 Post Doctoral Fellow - Houston, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Post Doctoral Fellow University of Houston 1,418 reviews Houston, TX University of Houston 1,418 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Possesses, understands, and applies a comprehensive knowledge in area of specialization. Develops understanding and skills to allow for completion of assignments that cross fields of specialization. Develops leadership and management skills. 
Receives/Reviews progress and evaluates results of experiments or projects under control or supervisory responsibility.
 Recommends changes in research, testing or experimental procedures.
 May be responsible for a single highly technical and complex piece of research equipment.
 May review and evaluate the effectiveness of personnel.
 May plan for and assign personnel to projects under control.
 Operates with latitude for unreviewed action.
 May receive general supervision conferring with higher levels only in unusual situations.
 Performs other job-related duties as required. 
EEO/AA 
 
Qualifications 
 
Doctoral and No experience 
Requires singular knowledge of a specialized advanced professional discipline or the highest level of general business knowledge, normally acquired through attainment of a directly job-related terminal degree or equivalent formal training in a recognized field of specialization that is directly related to the type of work being performed.No experience is required. 
Additional Job Posting Information: 
Dr. Abdelhadi has an opening for a postdoctoral fellow to join his lab, Communications, Artificial Intelligence, Systems, and Security (CAISS) Lab, at the University of Houston. The lab is seeking competitive applicants with strong background in wireless systems, cyber-physical systems, image and video processing, machine learning, and/or security. 
A preferred candidate will have expertise in: 
Machine Learning and Deep Learning algorithms and related software, e.g. TensorFlow 
National Instruments (NI) devices, e.g. B210, N210 and/or Rio USRPs, and LabVIEW software 
Applicants much have earned a Ph.D. degree in electrical engineering, computer engineering, computer science, or a closely related field. Applicants are expected to have excellent writing and communication skills for this position. In order to apply for this position, please send your resume, official transcripts, and a list of three references to aabdelhadi@uh.edu. Applications will be accepted until the position is filled. 
 
Notes to Applicant :  Dr. Abdelhadi has an opening for a postdoctoral fellow to join his lab, Communications, Artificial Intelligence, Systems, and Security (CAISS) Lab, at the University of Houston. The lab is seeking competitive applicants with strong background in wireless systems, cyber-physical systems, image and video processing, machine learning, and/or security. A preferred candidate will have expertise in:• Machine Learning and Deep Learning algorithms and related software, e.g. TensorFlow• National Instruments (NI) devices, e.g. B210, N210 and/or Rio USRPs, and LabVIEW softwareApplicants much have earned a Ph.D. degree in electrical engineering, computer engineering, computer science, or a closely related field. Applicants are expected to have excellent writing and communication skills for this position. In order to apply for this position, please send your resume, official transcripts, and a list of three references to aabdelhadi@uh.edu. Applications will be accepted until the position is filled. 
 
Salary :  Salary commensurate with experience 
 
Required Attachments by Candidate :  Resume, Curriculum Vitae, Unofficial Transcripts 
 
Employee Status :  Regular/Benefits 
 
Job Posting :  Oct 23, 2020, 3:27:23 PM University of Houston 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Houston, TX Jobs at University of Houston in Houston, TX Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Houston, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Houston University of Houston 1,418 reviews Founded in 1927, the University of Houston is the leading public research university in the vibrant international city of Houston, TX, th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
