
 
 
 
 Senior Embedded Software Engineer, RISCV - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Embedded Software Engineer, RISCV NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA is searching for a highly motivated, creative embedded software engineer to join the GPU Software team. As someone who is hardworking and passionate about their work, you will design key aspects of our RISCV BSP package used across the GPU. You should demonstrate the ability to excel in an environment with complex software and hardware designs. 
 
 What you'll be doing:
 Define, design, develop and verify features for next-gen RISCV controllers on our GPU; collaborating with hardware engineers and fellow software engineers
 You will follow the devices all the way through the development process to the customer desktops, notebooks, workstations, and gaming console products that are used throughout the world
 Heavily involved with the early modeling and simulation required to produce our world-class products
 Multiple opportunities to collaborate and communicate effectively with teams from all around the globe
 What we need to see:
 BS or MS degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related degree (or equivalent experience)
 3+ years of meaningful software development experience, especially with embedded systems
 You can demonstrate a hands-on technical background; excellent C programming and embedded, device driver development experience
 Familiarity with computer system architecture, microprocessor, and microcontroller fundamentals (caches, buses, memory controllers, DMA, etc.)
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Familiarity with the RISCV architecture
 Experience with inner workings of toolchains such as gcc, gdb
 Background with embedded system SW concepts, e.g.: RTOS and overlay programming models
 Experience with simulation, emulation and HW development cycle
 Good documentation and ability to communicate with others 
 
NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people on the planet working for us. If you're creative, passionate and self-motivated, we want to hear from you! NVIDIA is leading the way in groundbreaking developments in Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
