
 
 
 
 Audit Analyst - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Audit Analyst Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,030 reviews New York, NY Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,030 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 2+ years of relevant audit experience - Skills in Excel - Verbal/written communication and presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams - Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in business, accounting, or a related field 
 
AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.
 
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 
We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
AWS seeks an Audit Analyst to perform audits, provide input to control design and report audit results to management. This candidate will provide consultative support to the CBS team to identify opportunities for control improvements with the objective of mitigating risk and improving operations and compliance in order to enhance the customer experience related to billing. In this capacity, you will dive deep into the scope of each audit to develop meaningful findings and help drive sustainable solutions. You will understand complex business processes and identify the full range of related compliance, organizational, and technology risks. You will demonstrate analytical skills, solid business judgement, and the capability to drive the right results with a collaborative and pragmatic approach. Additionally, you will participate in adhoc assignments on priority basis and as directed by Custom Billing leadership.
 
 Retrieve and analyze data using Excel, Salesforce, and other data management/BI systems 
 Support monthly billing processes between multiple external and internal AWS teams by auditing billing data, providing data management, and pricing calculations 
 Proactively identify and implement operational improvements, enhancements, and system customizations that meet business requirements 
 Support recurring and ad hoc reporting for various internal/external stakeholders 
 Accounting experience with accruals and receivables - Experience with financial contracts and comfortable with contractual language - Strong attention to detail and excellent problem solving skills - Track record for being detail-oriented with a demonstrated ability to self-motivate and follow-through on projects - Strong quantitative, analytical and organizational skills - Highly organized, have multi-tasking skills, and efficient in ambiguous situations 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Auditor jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Amazon Web Services in New York, NY Auditor salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,030 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
