
 
 
 
 Scientific User Facilities Data Scientist - Newport News, VA 23606 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Scientific User Facilities Data Scientist Jefferson Lab 17 reviews Newport News, VA 23606 Jefferson Lab 17 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $71,400 - $112,800 a year Full Job Description Job ID #:  12268   Location:  Newport News, VA
 
 Functional Area:  Computer  Division:  Comp Sci&Tech (CST) Div
 
 Position Type:  Term  Education Required:  Bachelors Degree
 
 Experience Required:  None  Relocation Provided:  Yes 
 
 
 
 Position Description 
 
 
 
2 YEAR TERM POSITION 
POSIITON POSTED: MAY 10, 2021 
SALARY RANGE: $71,400 - $112,800 (SCS I) 
 
 Under general direction, the candidate will be expected to work on all elements of the data science workflow (data preprocessing, analyzing data using exploratory mathematic and statistical technique, and developing and optimization models). Assignments include smaller projects or as a team member on larger projects. Demonstrates initiative in determining solutions to problems and provides clear reports on project progress and completion. Recommends various technology options or approaches for system and processes improvements in terms of performance, efficiency, cost or safety. 
Essential Job Functions: 
The Data Science Department at Jefferson Lab seeks a data scientist to participate in the research and development in machine learning and data analysis focused on applications such as: 
Anomaly and fault detection for scientific user facilities 
Automated and autonomous for design and control applications 
Robust and scalable Machine Learning (ML)/Artificial Intelligence (AI) solutions 
The 2+ year appointment (contingent on continued funding) will focus on DOE funded projects aimed at applying ML/AI to relevant DOE mission projects, such as DOE Scientific User Facilities. 
Discipline, principal job duties/expectations, and qualitative and quantitative measures of performance: 
Conduct technical research in areas of interest to the projects 
Publish research results in highly visible, peer-reviewed venues (conference & journals) 
Develop and maintain high quality software for machine learning projects 
Interact with internal and external research staff and domain scientists for collaboration purposes 
Participate and potentially lead technical presentations on the work 
Participate in team meetings and interact with funding clients 
The candidate will have a background in a relevant area of computer science and/or data science and some experience with ML/AI. Applicants must be able to work with a diverse group of subject matter experts, possess good communication skills, and have relevant technical knowledge. 
 Position Requirements 
 
 
 Education, Certifications and Experience: 
Bachelor’s degree or greater in Computer Science, Data Science, Applied Mathematics, Computer Engineering, or a closely related technical area. 
Peer-reviewed publication record in Data Sciences, Machine Learning or a closely related area 
Knowledge, Skills, Abilities: 
Proficiency in Python and familiarity with publicly available technical libraries for data analytics (e.g. scikit-learn), deep learning (e.g. Pytorch, Tensorflow) and optimization tools. 
Ability to work with large datasets and mine relevant information for use in AI/ML applications 
Proactive, highly motivated self-starter with demonstrated experience with contributing and leading tasks on major projects with multi-disciplinary teams. 
Demonstrated ability to develop approaches and solutions to complex problems in the forms of proposals, software, documents or other work products. 
Must be able to operate computer equipment in an office or laboratory environment 
Ability to clearly communicate and report on progress on tasks and projects 
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to effectively work on project teams 
 Mental Requirements 
 
 
• Ability to understand, remember, and communicate highly technical information and make decisions 
 Ability to understand complex problems and to collaborate, explore and implement alternative solutions Capable of analytic and deductive reasoning
 Physical Requirements 
 
 
• Ability to traverse across various locations on the laboratory site and access work areas 
 Ability to work at a computer workstation for extended periods Visual capabilities to use computer workstations, read documents, and see safety alarms Auditory capabilities to hear safety alarms Ability to lift up to 10 pounds frequently and 25 pounds occasionally Ability to stoop, bend over and climb ladders
 Jefferson Science Associates, LLC (JSA) manages and operates the Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility (Jefferson Lab). JSA is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of race, color, religion, ethnicity, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, or veteran status or on any other basis prohibited by federal, state, or local law. As part of the JSA’s equal employment opportunity policy, we also take affirmative action as called for by applicable laws and Executive Orders to ensure that minority group individuals, females, disabled veterans, recently separated veterans, other protected veterans, Armed Forces, and qualified disabled persons are introduced into our workforce and considered for promotional opportunities. 
 
JSA is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for persons with disabilities (unless doing so will result in an undue hardship). If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to employment@jlab.org or call  (757) 269-7598  to provide the nature of your request. Reasonable accommodations are considered on a case-by-case basis.
 Employment with JSA is conditional upon DOE approval if at any time during your employment you are participating in a Foreign Government Talent Recruitment Program or Affiliated activity. Generally, such programs/activities include any foreign-state-sponsored attempt to acquire U.S.-funded scientific research through programs run or funded by the government that target scientists, engineers, students, academics, researchers, and entrepreneurs of all nationalities working or educated in the United States. This includes positions or appointments, both domestic and foreign, titled academic, professional, or institutional appointments whether or not remuneration is received and whether full-time, part-time or voluntary. Jefferson Lab 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Newport News, VA Jobs at Jefferson Lab in Newport News, VA Data Scientist salaries in Newport News, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Jefferson Lab Jefferson Lab 17 reviews The Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility is a U.S. Department of Energy facility located in Newport News, Virginia. Jefferson L... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
