
 
 
 
 Customer Focused Test Engineer - Fort Collins, CO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer Focused Test Engineer Hewlett Packard Enterprise 4,787 reviews Fort Collins, CO Hewlett Packard Enterprise 4,787 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $94,800 - $137,500 a year Full Job Description Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) advances the way people live and work. We bring together curious minds to create breakthrough technology solutions, helping our customers make their mark on the world. 
The ideal candidate will design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for software enhancements and new products. Develops software including operating systems, compilers, routers, networks, utilities, databases and Internet-related tools. Determines hardware compatibility and/or influences hardware design. Sounds like you? Then we have the right opportunity—we are looking for a CFT Engineer to join us! If you want to be part of a business area that is growing—with great opportunities, and are ready for your next role, then please apply today. 
Responsibilities:
 You will install, configure and manage 3PAR, Primera, and Nimble Storage Configurations including future Enterprise and Mid-range storage products. 
You will be responsible for configuring and administration of the Storage IP/FC/ISCSI SAN components. 
You will configure and manage RHEL/Linux and Windows Client Servers. 
Deploy and Administrate latest releases of Linux and Windows OS’s running VMware/Hyper-V Virtual Machines. 
You will triage and resolve HW and SW issues in the 3PAR, Primera and Nimble Storage Environments within the lab. 
You will be responsible for execution of any hands on required fault injection and FRU replacement testing supporting team members in India and USA. 
You will also learn to research customer environment information from the HPE 3PAR, Primera and Nimble phone home telemetry database. Leverage this data to understand customer configurations, workloads, and specific use cases of Mid-size and Enterprise IT environments used by HPE customers. 
You shall develop a proactive approach to eliminate bugs prior to SW and HW Releases. 
You will interact with Senior CFT Systems Engineers, Product Development Engineers, and HPE Customer Support Personnel to create, assist in triage and verify bug fixes reported by you or a teammate. 
This job requires a Systems Engineer Mentality to understand all of the components both HW and SW in the Customer Environment. You will test HPE Storage solutions end to end like a customer, understanding their day to day use cases, taking note of their challenges and goaled to improve the user experience. 
Education: 
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Systems, or equivalent. 
Ideally 6+ years of Storage and Compute experience
 Experience Required:
 HPE Storage products – 3PAR StoreServ, Primera, and Nimble 
Storage products from other vendors - EMC, NetApp, Hitachi, Pure… 
HPE ProLiant servers or servers from other vendors 
Applications such as Oracle DB, MS-SQL, MS-Exchange, NetBackup, CommVault... 
Operating systems and hypervisors, e.g. VMWare, ESX, Hyper-V, Windows 2008, 2012, and 2016, Linux (RedHat & SUSE) 
Networking and authentication - AD, LDAP, VLAN, IPV4/6, network switches and routers, 
Storage Architecture and theory - SAN, FC, FC zoning, SCSI, iSCSI, SAS, HBA’s 
Coding, Scripting, and Automation – Python is a plus 
Design and implement test cases that validate conformance to customer use cases 
Performs complex testing tasks requiring planning, scheduling and extensive troubleshooting; provides in-depth defect characterization 
Actively participates in developing & improving existing testing technologies, including methods, approaches & execution 
Responsible for performing customer use case type CFT Testing. 
Read and understand basic engineering documents to understand product features and best practices. 
Collaborate with software development teams to quantify and validate defect closure (all) 
Document defects in a centralized defect tracking system 
Participate in reviews of documentation, coding, and testing (all) 
Develop, Modify, and Execute test scripts to automate Lifecycle Regression testing. 
Understanding of the Software and Hardware Development Lifecycle 
Teamwork and Collaborating with Managers, Development Engineers, Test Engineers, Customer Support Engineers, and Customers. 
Excellent written and verbal communication 
Strong Initiative and desire to learn 
Creativity 
Nice to Have Skills:
 Experienced with Cloud, and Edge Computing with emphasis on Storage including: 
Object storage, e.g. Amazon/AWS S3 
Openstack Swift 
Artificial Intelligence 
Scripting Language: 
Python 
StorageUSLS
 What we can offer you: 
At HPE, we deliver equal opportunities, flexible work-life balance, and constantly evolving career growth as well as competitive benefits, salary and shared values and purpose. 
HPE is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Veterans/Disabled/LGBT and Affirmative Action employer. We are committed to diversity and building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We do not discriminate and all decisions we make are made on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. Our goal is to be one global diverse team that is representative of our customers, in an inclusive environment where we can continue to innovate and grow together. 
COLORADO ONLY: 
We are legally required to provide the following information for candidates seeking to staff this role in Colorado. The Colorado expected salary/wage range for this position is listed immediately below, although we reserve the right to offer above this range for exceptional candidates. Actual offer may vary from this range based upon geographic location, work experience, education, and/or skill level. Bonus, commission, and/or equity may also be offered. Information about employee benefits offered can be found at http: explorebenefits.hpe.com (user id: benefits / password: preview). 
Annual Salary: $94,800.00 - $137,500.00 
1080111 Hewlett Packard Enterprise 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Test Engineer jobs in Fort Collins, CO Jobs at Hewlett Packard Enterprise in Fort Collins, CO Test Engineer salaries in Fort Collins, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Hewlett Packard Enterprise Hewlett Packard Enterprise 4,787 reviews Hewlett Packard Enterprise advances the way people live and work. 

What sets us apart? Our people. Our people’s relentless commitment ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
