
 
 
 
 University Data Officer - Princeton, NJ 08542 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search University Data Officer Princeton University 201 reviews Princeton, NJ 08542 Princeton University 201 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
The University Data Officer is the senior university executive responsible for supporting the effective use of administrative data at Princeton. The University Data Officer acts as the chief data strategist for the university and oversees the governance and policy infrastructure necessary to facilitate the use of data for operational benefit and decision support. The University Data Officer reports to the Chief Information Officer with a dotted line to the Provost. S/he works closely with the Strategic Analysis group in the Provost Office in addition to the university Data Stewards, Analysts and with IT professionals responsible for data warehousing/reporting to build and sustain an enterprise data strategy that can help the University achieve its goals. The University Data Officer will be a key player in establishing and sustaining a campus-wide data governance infrastructure that fosters a culture of trust and shared responsibility for the ethical use of administrative data for institutional strategic purposes. 
Responsibilities:
 
Data Strategy : 
The University Data Officer will be principally responsible for defining, developing and implementing an enterprise data strategy that is focused on: 
Supporting university strategic decision making by being the nexus between the strategic questions, the technological solutions and the data resources. 
Increasing the value of University data assets by aligning data collected for operational purposes with data needed for strategic purposes in order to provide the organization with data required to achieve strategic goals. 
The University Data Officer will work in close collaboration data users and and institutional data stewards to establish an enterprise data road map and data management processes that enable information sharing, collaboration, compliance and security In support of the overall University data Strategy. 
Identify new kinds, types and sources of data to enable administrative innovation throughout the organization. Create and oversee a centralized service for sourcing external data to ensure quality, traceability, timeliness, usability and cost-effectiveness. 
Data Governance: 
The University Data Officer will establish and sustain a data governance system that aligns data stewardship with the overall data strategy. 
Organize and lead a data and analytics governance council to provide executive sponsorship for and oversight of governance policy creation and compliance. 
Identify and standardize the use and governance of data and analytics, have oversight and ensure that standardized data governance "tools" including data requirements documents, data lineage work flows, metadata forms, data models, etc. are used across the organization by all relevant stakeholders in support of the enterprise's business strategy. 
Define, manage and advance enterprise information management principles, policies and programs for stewardship, advocacy and custodianship of data and analytics, in concert with legal, information security, and corporate risk and compliance offices. 
Data Management and Operations: 
The University Data Officer will have responsibility for campus wide Data Management and will influence the overall technical strategy for Data Collection, Operations, Reporting and Analytics with responsibilities to include: 
Manage and influence enterprise data quality through the recurring certification of enterprise data assets and the reporting of data asset health in the enterprise data scoring process, including overseeing remediation plans. 
Define, manage and advance enterprise information management principles, policies and programs for stewardship, advocacy and custodianship of data and analytics. 
In cooperation with the Chief Information Security Officer, General Counsel and other concerned parties, develop standards for the appropriate use of information taking into consideration changing security requirements, privacy needs, ethical values, societal expectations and cultural norms. 
Build and manage a transparent and auditable framework for data sharing between departments that implements the appropriate use standards. 
Responsible for Master Data Management and establishing common terms and definitions for data that facilitate cross-institutional data use. 
Princeton University has retained Diversified Search, an executive search firm, to assist in this search. Confidential inquiries, nominations, referrals, and resumes with cover letters should be submitted to: 
Diversified Search 
princeton.UDO@divsearch.com 
Qualifications:
 
A bachelor’s or master’s degree in business administration, computer science, data science, information science or related field, or equivalent work experience. Academic qualification or professional training and experience in legal and regulatory areas are also desirable. A post doctorate degree in mathematics, data science, information science or a related field is an advantage. 
Fifteen or more years of leadership experience, ideally in IT Data Strategy or Management, recently at or near the executive level. 
Five or more years of progressive leadership experience in leading successful cross-functional teams and enterprise-wide programs, operating and influencing effectively across the organization and within complex contexts. 
Experience in integrating complex, cross-department processes and information strategies. 
Experience running data analytics teams using the latest data mining, machine learning and/or artificial intelligence techniques. 
Broad experience in multiple competency areas of data and analytics delivery; examples are data warehousing, business intelligence (BI), data governance, data architecture, data integration, data classification, data strategy, data quality management, data security, and privacy, MDM, data standards, regulatory compliance and enterprise architecture frameworks 
Excellent business acumen and interpersonal skills; able to work across business lines at a senior level to influence and effect change to achieve common goals. 
Demonstrated leadership; proven track record of leading complex, multidisciplinary Data Strategy initiatives. 
A strong commitment to building a diverse and inclusive team culture. 
The ability to describe business use cases/outcomes, data sources and management concepts, and analytical approaches/options. The ability to translate among the languages used by executive, operational, IT and analytic stakeholders. 
Information strategy experience — Experience in strategic technology planning and execution, and policy development and maintenance. 
Analytical skills — Outstanding analytical and problem-solving abilities. 
Gravitas to develop a framework for information and analytics governance, as well as to sell and embed it in all levels of the business. 
Excellent oral and written communication skills, including the ability to explain digital concepts and technologies to non-technical audiences, and business concepts to technologists. 
Demonstrated knowledge of the following is desired: data structure, information systems/tools, related software and data management, and record-keeping policies and practices in a complex organizational environment. 
Proven ability to balance team and individual responsibilities, build teams and consensus, get things done through others not directly under his/her supervision. 
Proven ability to work ethically and with integrity. 
Princeton University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. EEO IS THE LAW
 Standard Weekly Hours: 36.25 Eligible for Overtime: No Benefits Eligible: Yes Essential Services Personnel (see policy for detail): No Physical Capacity Exam Required: No Valid Driverâs License Required: No Experience Level: Director : #LI-ST1 Princeton University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Entry Clerk jobs in Princeton, NJ Jobs at Princeton University in Princeton, NJ Data Entry Clerk salaries in Princeton, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Princeton University Princeton University 201 reviews Princeton University is a vibrant community of scholarship and learning that stands in the nation's service and the service of humanity. ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
