
 
 
 
 Digital Enterprise and Digital Services Manager - Plano, TX 75024 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Digital Enterprise and Digital Services Manager Siemens 9,995 reviews Plano, TX 75024 Siemens 9,995 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Position Overview
 Siemens Digital Industries’ Digital Enterprise and Digital Services (DEDS) group has a new opening for an experienced  Digital Enterprise and Services Manager. 
 
The focus of the position is on advising our manufacturing customer’s in their Digital Transformation journey and on managing digital solution, implementation, and integration projects. In today’s challenging environment, customers in manufacturing seek ways to further improve operational efficiency, to optimize production cycles or processes, and ultimately drive stronger business outcomes. 
 
A key responsibility of this role is to establish trust-based relationships with our customer’s Senior leaders, as well as with internal and external service partners. Engagements are digital solution, implementation, and integration project oriented and execution driven. The candidate for this role needs to have a strong passion for accompanying and guiding customers along their digital journey and for delivering solutions and services that drive business impacts. 
 
Customers rely on our extensive domain know-how and deep industry and market expertise. We help our customers develop digital strategies, which ultimately lead to creating Digital Transformation roadmaps and the rollout of solutions. We work closely with the enterprise consulting, products, and technology teams to define executable implementation projects that help customers achieve maximum performance within their manufacturing environment. 
 
You will be part of an international network of experts, which allows you to share experiences and to learn from others and further develop your knowledge in the digital manufacturing space. 
 
This is an outstanding opportunity to join Siemens Digital Industries’ Services Organization. As a company we offer the broadest digital portfolio in the manufacturing industry. To learn more about our team, visit the Siemens US Digital Enterprise website. 
 
Responsibilities
 Inspire our manufacturing customers to leverage digital technology and new innovative approaches throughout their digitalization journey. 
 Collaborate with business development and sales teams to identify and generate opportunities related to Digital Transformation. 
 Develop digital business strategies and plans for our customers. 
 Develop and present digital transformation roadmaps, define projects and implementation and integration recommendations that best match with the customer’s existing environment and that meet customer expectations. 
 Promote and position the solutions of the DEDS portfolio to customers in an ‘as-a-Service’ model. (e.g. Location Intelligence, Trusted Traceability, AI/Analytics) 
 Collaborate with our proposal engineers to create customer quotes. 
 Orchestrate project execution together with our CS project managers. 
 Create market and financial analysis to support the strategic and technical recommendations. 
 In case of customer specific development needs, collaborate with the technical competence and projects (TCP) team to define prototypes and proof of concepts. 
 Collaborate with project managers, integration engineers, software engineers, and other team members throughout the project phase. 
 
 Required Knowledge/Skills, Education. and Experience 
 
 BS/MS degree in the field of Computer Science (preferred), or Business Degree combined with acquired digital technology expertise. 
 In addition, you can offer 10+ years of practical experience in the solution/digital technology field. Ideally, you have acquired that experience from a system integration firm or a renowned industrial company with focus on manufacturing. 
 Experience in manufacturing oriented digital and IT project delivery in a variety of industries such as Aerospace & Defense, Automotive, Electronics and Food & Beverage. 
 Experience with manufacturing execution systems, lean manufacturing, digital plants, computer-integrated manufacturing, manufacturing operations management, analytics, and AI. 
 Proven track record and expertise in the application of advanced manufacturing technology, including digital and big data (e.g., Smart Factory, IoT, Industry 4.0, additive manufacturing, artificial intelligence, blockchain). 
 Understanding of solution and enterprise architecture and standards (e.g. ISA95). 
 Excellent analytical and conceptional skills and an entrepreneurial mindset. 
 Excellent communication and listening skills. 
 Ability to work independently in a complex and matrixed organization, team player attitude being both able to lead a virtual team, as well as being an individual contributor. 
 High level of social competence and team spirit, ideally with past international exposure. 
 Self-driven and highly motivated hands-on mentality/leadership traits. 
 Preferably a U.S. citizen, as some work might be on Government projects. 
Organization:  Digital Industries 
Company:  Siemens Industry, Inc. 
Experience Level:  Experienced Professional 
Job Type:  Full-time 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law. 
 
 EEO is the Law 
Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here. 
 
 Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision 
Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here. 
 
 California Privacy Notice 
California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here. Siemens 28 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Siemens in Plano, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Siemens Siemens 9,995 reviews Siemens AG is a German engineering conglomerate, the largest of its kind in Europe. Siemens has international headquarters located in Ber... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
