
 
 
 
 IT Senior Business Relationship Director - Digital/Platform - Rochester, MN 55901 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search IT Senior Business Relationship Director - Digital/Platform Mayo Clinic 2,283 reviews Rochester, MN 55901 Remote Mayo Clinic 2,283 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description City 
Rochester 
State 
Minnesota 
Telecommute 
Yes 
Department 
Information Technology 
Why Mayo Clinic 
You bring unique insight into the experiences of so many patients, colleagues and members of our community. At Mayo Clinic, our diverse workforce encompasses more viewpoints, thoughts, and ideas to help solve the many challenges of today's health care environment. 
Position description 
The Senior Business Relationship Director (Sr. BRD) for Platform/Digital is a strategic advisor to those Mayo Clinic business areas on technology issues and serves as a liaison from those groups to the Department of IT to assure that Platform/Digital business goals are achieved. 
The Mayo Clinic Platform is a portfolio of digital initiatives focused on transforming health care by using artificial intelligence and collaborating with partners. The Mayo Clinic Center for Digital Health is responsible for advancing Mayo's digital strategy, including patient experience, telehealth, data and analytics, artificial intelligence/machine learning, and other related capabilities.
 The Senior Business Relationship Director will collaborate with their customers and associated business partners, provide insights and support for technology strategic planning which not only meets the customer's business needs but also aligns with overall IT strategies, and shares ownership with their customer in the creation and realization of business value derived from IT. 
The Senior Business Relationship Director also provides feedback and guidance to IT Services Areas about customer successes and challenges to better help improve IT solution needs and priorities. They also work closely with external parties to help develop, implement, and provide oversight to additional services not part of the Mayo IT service and product portfolio, help establish and monitor service levels and external party service delivery, as well as support business development initiatives. 
This position functions in a matrix relationship as is typical at Mayo Clinic. This position is in the Department of IT reporting to the Chief Information Officer with an indirect reporting relationship to the Business Relationship Management Administrator within IT. This position is responsible for the success of Mayo Clinic Platform/Digital. The IT teams responsible for service delivery do not report to the Senior Business Relationship Director, but the Director will act in a lead role as necessary with authority and responsibility to meet Platform/Digital needs and business requirements. 
Qualifications 
Master's degree in computer science, management information systems, business administration or a related field is required. 
Total ten years of leadership experience required. This should be a combination of the following: 
Project management experience (PMP certification is highly preferred) 
IT operational management experience 
Customer domain operational/administrative experience 
Other leadership experience, determined to pertain to customer engagement 
Experience in digital in healthcare or consumer environments and/or with platform or technology businesses strongly desired. 
Experience in commercialization activities strongly preferred. 
Relevant overall healthcare industry-specific operational experience required. This includes some level of working knowledge of clinic and hospital operations, and a level of proficiency with operations working knowledge for specific customer areas (clinical or administrative) which would ideally be related to the BRD position being hired. 
Additional qualifications 
Relationship-building capability with customers and key stakeholders at all levels (primary focus: customer senior executives, including administrative, and additionally, key operational leadership).
 Ability to establish credibility and relevance with key physician, clinical and administrative leadership. Additionally, ability to apply similar skills to added dynamic of vendors and other external party relationships. 
Ability to demonstrate acumen in business and function discipline of customer area of responsibility: strong command of the customer's industry, and pertinent application domain knowledge 
Strategic thinking and ability to map organizational visions. 
Ability to understand and integrate business/clinical strategies and trends in technology to deliver value. 
Solid understanding of IT, HR and finance asset concepts and processes. 
Ability to negotiate conflict and problem-solving. (at executive leadership level) 
Very strong communication skills that effectively transcend both business and technical domains, and clearly can summarize needs from both domains. 
Knowledge of product management concepts, as this continues to mature across Mayo Clinic. 
Ability to navigate Mayo IT and customer, vendor, and external party governance and approval processes. 
Ability to exhibit a high degree of decision making capability, and work independently, sometimes with minimal direction. 
Ability to prepare executive/senior leadership communications 
Proficiency with Mayo ITSM and Service Operations, to effectively ensure similar processes and monitoring capabilities with external parties 
Understanding of Business Development practices, including the overall business development lifecycle, from forecasting, finances, engagement of Mayo IT for specific supporting activities, and professional acumen to effectively participate in business development activities with Mayo prospective external parties and business partners. 
Exemption status 
Exempt 
Compensation Detail 
Education, experience and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended. The minimum salary every 2 weeks is approx $6,743.00, based on a full-time position. 
Benefits eligible 
Yes 
Schedule 
Full Time 
Hours / Pay period 
80 
Schedule details 
M-F, day shift. This position will work remotely, though would preferably be located at or near the Rochester, MN campus. 25-50% on-campus presence is anticipated, and some travel will be required. 
Weekend schedule 
As needed 
Site description 
Mayo Clinic is located in the heart of downtown Rochester, Minnesota, a vibrant, friendly city that provides a highly livable environment for more than 34,000 Mayo staff and students. The city is consistently ranked among the best places to live in the United States because of its affordable cost of living, healthy lifestyle, excellent school systems and exceptionally high quality of life. 
Category 
IT and Engineering 
Career profile 
Information Technology 
Job posting number 
144892BR 
Recruiter 
Jessica Gartner 
Equal opportunity employer 
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available. 
Email Mayo Clinic 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Information Technology jobs in Rochester, MN Jobs at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN Director of Information Technology salaries in Rochester, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mayo Clinic Mayo Clinic 2,283 reviews Mayo Clinic is the first and largest integrated, not-for-profit medical group practice in the world. Doctors from every medical specialty... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
