
 
 
 
 Python Developer - Houston, TX 77099 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Python Developer Snap IT Solutions Houston, TX 77099 Job Responsibilities: 
 Develop Front end software applications using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript in Angular framework, backend automation tools using Python in Django framework. 
 Responsible to develop Techcare application tool known as Self-healing portal that will help all the end users, through Artificial intelligence to have the end user applications never crash again. 
 Functions as an active member of an agile team by contributing to software builds through consistent development practices. 
 Debug basic software components and identify code defects for remediation. 
 Create BOT (Luke) that will pop up to help you avoid EU crashes and problems using machine learning. 
 Provide Customer escalations support and help in providing patches to solve customer end issues for software releases (SPA & RC) from the production. 
 Software development support to QA (Quality Analysis) and UAT (User acceptance testing) team prior to releases to production. 
 Test and deliver the software patches to Trunk (RC) and customer related releases (SPA). 
 Participate in code reviews and automated testing. Debug basic software components and identify code defects for remediation. 
 Software development support to Quality Analysis and User acceptance testing team prior to releases to production. 
 Job Requirements: 
 Bachelor Degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science, Information Technology, Computer Engineering or related field of study. Snap IT Solutions 30+ days ago Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Python Developer jobs in Houston, TX Jobs at Snap IT Solutions in Houston, TX Python Developer salaries in Houston, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Snap IT Solutions Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
