
 
 
 
 Assistant/Associate/Full Professor, Artificial Intelligence, Health Science Center Colleges - Jacksonville, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant/Associate/Full Professor, Artificial Intelligence, Health Science Center Colleges University of Florida 1,131 reviews Jacksonville, FL University of Florida 1,131 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Non-tenure Tenure track Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION 
The University of Florida Health Science Center Colleges of Dentistry, Medicine-Gainesville, Medicine-Jacksonville, Nursing, Pharmacy, Public Health and Health Professions, and Veterinary Medicine invite applications for faculty positions at the Assistant, Associate or full Professor rank in Artificial Intelligence (AI) in the Health Sciences. 
Successful applicants will support the University of Florida’s vision to become a national leader in the application of AI. This vision is supported by a $70 million initial investment and implementation of the most powerful AI supercomputer in higher education in the world, which will elevate the university’s reach and impact in research, teaching, and economic development. In support of this bold vision, the university is hiring 100 new faculty members, including an initial 17 faculty members in the Health Sciences. Successful applicants will join a cross-College network of AI researchers grounded in the values of Trustworthy AI, Community, and Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI). 
Faculty members hired through this initiative will be appointed in departments throughout the UF Health Colleges. Faculty members may be hired into tenure-track or non-tenure track positions. 
AI@UF 
JOB QUALIFICATIONS 
Applicants must have a doctoral degree in the health sciences, computer science, engineering, or related disciplines. 
For clinician-scientists who seek to practice they must have the relevant licenses/certifications to practice in their discipline/specialty. 
Candidates should have experience and expertise in (1) developing and using artificial intelligence methods, with an interest in applying those methods to health-related research; or (2) health sciences research, with an interest in novel AI solutions. 
INSTRUCTIONS 
Application review will begin in March 2021 and continue until the positions are filled. To view the job posting online and submit an application packet, which includes a CV, letter of interest, and list of references, go to https://facultyjobs.hr.ufl.edu/ and search by Job# 70950. For further information about the position, contact the search committee co-chairs, Chris Harle, PhD, Professor at charle@ufl.edu or Patrick Tighe, MD, MS, Associate Professor and Donn M Dennis Professor of Anesthetic Innovation, at ptighe@anest.ufl.edu. 
The University of Florida is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The University is committed to non-discrimination with respect to race, creed, color, religion, age, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identify and expression, marital status, national origin, political opinions or affiliations, genetic information and veteran status in also aspects of employment including recruitment, hiring, promotion, transfers, discipline, terminations, wage and salary administration, benefits and training. 
We welcome nominations of and applications from anyone who would bring additional dimensions to the university’s research, teaching and outreach mission, including women, members of underrepresented groups, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. Our faculty, staff, and students make up a community of all social, economic and ethnic backgrounds. The richness of that diversity contributes to our innovation and shared success. Join a culture that strives to foster an environment of inclusion, awareness, and engagement. Visit the Office of the Chief Diversity Officer for more information - https://cdo.ufl.edu/ 
If an accommodation due to a disability is needed to apply for this position, please call  352/392-2477  or the Florida Relay System at 800/955-8771 (TDD). Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the US. Searches are conducted in accordance with Florida's Sunshine Law. 
The final candidate will be required to provide an official transcript to the hiring department upon hire. A transcript will not be considered “official” if a designation of “Issued to Student” is visible. Degrees earned from an educational institution outside of the United States are required to be evaluated by a professional credentialing service provider approved by National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES), which can be found at http://www.naces.org/. 
 
OPEN DATE 
Feb 26, 2021 
CLOSE DATE 
Open Until Filled 
LOCATION 
Gainesville, Jacksonville, Lake Nona, Florida 
UNIT 
Office of Health Affairs University of Florida 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Jacksonville, FL Jobs at University of Florida in Jacksonville, FL Associate Professor salaries in Jacksonville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Florida 1,131 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
