
 
 
 
 Scientific Computing Project Manager - Jefferson, AR 72079 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Scientific Computing Project Manager Leidos 1,208 reviews Jefferson, AR 72079 Leidos 1,208 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Description 
 Job Description: 
Leidos Government Health and Safety Solutions is seeking an experienced Scientific Computing Project Manager, contingent upon contract award, to lead team(s) of 25-35 people for scientific research computing projects.
 The candidate should have experience successfully leading and managing task order comprised of cross functional service delivery teams experienced in regulatory science, bioinformatics, advanced analytics, artificial intelligence/ machine learning, modeling and simulation, data management and high performance computing. The project manager is responsible for the cost, schedule, and technical performance and will serve as the single customer point-of-contact for the customer on management and technical matters and contract-level issues. He/She will be the advocate/ voice of the customer, be a strategic advisor of the customer, and ensure the team understands the customer’s needs, business operations and requirements. He/she will provide the planning, direction, coordination, and control necessary to successfully delivery program goals and objectives within the scope, time and budget constraints. He/ she will interface with task and functional leaders, subcontractors, and support personnel.
 The ideal candidate will be responsible for: 
Provide leadership, management and interpersonal communication skills necessary to successfully inspire, lead, direct and manage a cross functional delivery teams 
Direct project planning, systems engineering development and implementation according to cost, schedule, and scope requirements. 
Ensure a streamlined operation in alignment with the business objectives of the organization. 
Participate in project initiation activities, including plan and budget preparation. 
Expertly manage cross-functional teams responsible for delivering high-quality program capabilities on time and within budget, including Subcontractors 
Integrate the Contractor’s management and technical activities across the entire contractor staff to ensure they are consistent 
Ensure that all work on this contract complies with the contract terms and conditions and is approved/coordinated with senior corporate managers 
Act as the primary interface with the COR 
Drive the development and implementation of innovation roadmap and strategy, with projected cost savings 
Drive continuous service improvement and innovation. 
Plan/lead program reviews and briefings, both internal and with the customer. 
Oversee performance to specified contract SLAs and direct changes to meet the SLAs as needed 
Proactively identify, analyze and mitigate risks and capture opportunities while driving change 
Coordinate with contracts, finance, human resources, and procurement management functions. 
Create plans and processes required to meet all performance, schedule, quality, cost, and security requirements. 
Manage and integrate the efforts of subcontractors, assuring flow-down and fulfillment of all contractual requirements in alignment with defined priorities. 
Connect with related contracts to delivery effectively for the customer. 
Remain conversant with the industry’s advance research and high performance computing technology and practices. 
Develop business case justifications and cost/benefit analyses for IT spending and initiatives. 
Lead staffing actions, including recruitment, supervision, development, evaluation and disciplinary actions. 
Establish and maintain regular written and in-person communications with the organization’s executives, department heads and end users regarding pertinent IT activities. 
Required Skills and Experience
 Bachelor’s Degree in Science (Biology, Chemistry or Physics), Information Technology, Engineering or related field from an accredited college or university and 8+ years of direct related work experience or a Master’s Degree and 6+ years of direct related work experience. 
3+ years of experience supervising or leading teams or projects 
Experience leading large T&M and FFP Enterprise IT or bioinformatics projects of more than $5M annually 
Experience in managing large scale enterprise operations including high performance computing, cloud migration, cyber security, data center, and networks operations
 Ability to collaborate with senior level customers and technical staff in forming strategies to improve performance, reliability, and cost effectiveness 
Experience leading and supervising a multi-disciplinary staff (25-35 people) of various labor categories and skills and a large group of subcontractors working on-site and remotely to deliver IT, high performance computing, scientific computing, advanced analytics, modeling and simulation, bioinformatics and other computational science services 
Experience working in a fast paced, agile environment with competing priorities. 
Ability to influence others outside of own area on policies, practices and procedures. 
Demonstrated excellent written and oral communication skills, including experience in presenting material to senior Government officials and communicating and coordinating with other Government contractors and stakeholders 
PMP required 
Ability to obtain a Public Trust Clearance 
Desired Skills and Experience
 Experience managing program using scientific technologies within a regulated environment such as FDA, HHS, NIH or CDC. 
Working knowledge of federal information security and compliance requirements 
hhsfda 
External Referral Bonus: 
Ineligible 
Potential for Telework: 
No 
Clearance Level Required: 
Public Trust 
Travel: 
Yes, 10% of the time 
Scheduled Weekly Hours: 
40 
Shift: 
Day 
Requisition Category: 
Manager 
Job Family: 
Proj and Prog Management 
Pay Range: Leidos 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Project Manager jobs in Jefferson, AR Jobs at Leidos in Jefferson, AR Project Manager salaries in Jefferson, AR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Leidos Leidos 1,208 reviews Leidos
Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the worl... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
