
 
 
 
 Customer Applications Engineer - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer Applications Engineer Micron 1,039 reviews San Jose, CA Micron 1,039 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Micron’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.  Join an inclusive team focused on one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can spark the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Req. ID: 283281 
Micron is seeking a Customer Applications Engineer to provide a world class customer qualification experience to Micron’s portfolio Cloud and Data Center SSDs. As a Customer Applications Engineer in Micron’s Storage Business Unit (SBU) you will be chartered with supporting the qualification of the company’s Cloud Data Center target customer (Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, AWS, Google, Baidu, Alibaba, Tencent, UBER, Netflix…) ensuring excellence in customer qualification planning, execution, support and anticipation of the customers qualification requirements. 
You will excel in being the primary interface between all cloud data center customers and engineering/design centers, while developing a long-term relationship with the customer to support streamlined communication and qualification efforts that facilitate products being qualified with maximum efficiency. You will proactively define customer product and validation requirements and processes to shape a qualification plan that ensures success, while being the primary contact for managing customer qualification issues. 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Act as a subject matter expert (SME) on the customer qualification process 
Provide Level 1 support of customer qualification issues including; status to the customer, detailed root cause and resolution as well as internal Micron status 
Build trusting customer relationships to ensure all specification, test and documentation requirements are met to the customer’s expectations 
Produce customer specific collateral including design reviews, Datasheets, Product Change Notifications, firmware change lists, performance and power reports, Qualification reports to align with customers’ expectations in terms of content and timing 
Support recurring customer calls, providing status on customer qualification issues, details of new firmware releases, Micron qualification issue details and technical detail on customer feature requests 
Develop customer validation plans that include expected customer systems and customer scripts 
Contribute technical input in support of business cases 
Provide support to the internal development and validation teams for the analysis and debug of customer qualification issues 
Execute a detailed gap analysis of the customer product specification and ensure it is communicated and reviewed by the Micron development and validation teams 
Support the customer account team strategy throughout the life of the qualified program, including post-release qualification support 
Maintaining external customer firmware portal 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
Micron prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and other international and industry labor standards. 
Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron. 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Keywords: San Jose || California (US-CA) || United States (US) || SBU (Storage Business Unit) || Experienced || Regular || Engineering || #LI-MY1 || Tier 4 || Micron 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Application Developer jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Micron in San Jose, CA Application Developer salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Micron 1,039 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
