
 
 
 
 8808340 - SAP WM - Atlanta, GA 30328 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search 8808340 - SAP WM Capgemini 8,221 reviews Atlanta, GA 30328 Capgemini 8,221 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
SAP Logistic skills. Must have skills- 
The candidates must have great SAP WM and LE knowledge and skills, and we expect them to have excellent communication. 
One full life cycle implementation experience with MNC client. Must have worked with business and visited warehouse. 
Core understanding of SAP WM including strategies, interfaces, custom developments, HU/SU management. 
Understanding of integration points of SAP WM with manufacturing, procurement & quality. 
3PL integration experience preferred. Building interfaces between SAP and WMS systems. 
Broad technology knowledge of major applications 
Demonstrated experience in the development of SAP Logistics Execution solutions for business programs 
Broad technology knowledge of major applications 
Middleware and platform 
Understanding of integration points of LE with SD/FI/WM/PTP and other modules 
Demonstrated experience in the development of SAP Logistics Execution solutions for business programs 
BIN Management 
Understanding of BIN Set up and BIN strategy 
Picking strategy (FIFO etc) 
Design the ware house 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 22 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Capgemini in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,221 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
