
 
 
 
 IT Architect - San Juan, PR - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search IT Architect Popular Bank 1,138 reviews San Juan, PR Popular Bank 1,138 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOIN OUR TEAM! 
 A leading financial institution setting the pace through its commitment to corporate values and a superior client satisfaction, seeks a qualified candidate to join its POPULAR team of successful professionals in Puerto Rico for the following position: 
 
Full Time Opportunity
 General Description 
 The Contact Center Solution Architect will understand the needs of the business and organizational strategy and design the implementation and rollout of our AWS Connect solution. Develop solutions based on Contact Center technology and artificial intelligence platforms and build the strategic roadmap required to rationalize and simplify our contact center portfolio. We are seeking self-motivated forward-thinking Solution Architect with deep technical knowledge and hands-on experience in analyzing, designing, installing, administering, maintaining, and troubleshooting hardware and software applications. This role will lead shaping, solutioning, implementation, and delivery of complex contact center programs. As a senior leader in Architecture, your quest for innovation happens directly at the intersection of technology and business strategy, leading organizational, operational and technological change, now and in the future. You'll spearhead the efforts of passionate and dedicated teams of architects, aligning cross-functional and cross-LOB projects, ensuring that they're fiscally and technically within reason. You'll collaborate with internal teams and business leaders alike, creating strategically sound Target State Architectures that can handle today's needs and be ready for tomorrow's needs as well. 
 
Essential Duties and Responsibilities 
 Works closely with key stakeholders throughout the organization to define strategies, points of view, roadmaps, workflows, reference architectures, and other deliverables to support technology selection, implementation, integration, and management. 
 You will conduct cloud contact center road map sessions with business leadership, vendor architecture and sales support. You will lead software evaluations for cloud migrations for customer service channels.
 Manage and lead technology mergers as a result of organizational acquisitions
 Provide technology architecture for migration from on premises to cloud and lead several contact center technology projects from design and technology perspective.
 Build both learning documents and standard methodologies on AWS cloud solutions.
 Use agile methodologies. Optimize solutions and improve processes for current organization.
 Lead operational automation management and monitoring
 Lead major technology transformations in contact center and artificial intelligence technologies. Analyze, lead and execute changes for MIPS reduction
 Lead efforts to achieve platform stability, resiliency and high availability. Provide cost savings though infrastructure and server consolidation 
 Additional Essential Duties and Responsibilities 
 Responsible for architecting solutions for each of the functional areas within their respective domain(s) or business horizontal(s). 
 Responsible for understanding dependencies between technology platforms and product(s) required to deliver a specified business solution. 
 Works closely with partners inside and outside IT and across business communities in assessing technology requirements and identifying potential technology solutions, always assessing existing technology investments as a first step. 
 Participates in cross-functional teams for developing and implementing new processes, standards and high-level requirements. Works in conjunction with applications, security, legal, compliance, operations, engineering and other areas, as necessary. 
 Designs, develops, modifies and adapts short and long-term solutions to information technology (IT) assessing new and existing applications and systems architecture. 
 Applies business expertise to business problems to create high level application and end user system requirements. 
 Works with enterprise architecture to make recommendations as needed. 
 Contributes to the creation of business-driven technology roadmaps. 
 Identify core business capabilities and processes, the entities that interact with those capabilities, and the interactions between these core business capabilities 
 Gather, analyze and articulate high-level business capabilities & requirements 
 Decompose a business request into meaningful capabilities and processes 
 Identify the logical technology components that support the Business Architecture 
 Education 
 Bachelor's or Master Degree in engineering/computer science or related field. 
 
Experience 
 5+ year experience as a Technical Architect, Solution Architect, or Enterprise Architect 
 5+ years of experience as a contact center technology architect, enterprise IT Architect or senior contact center developer working with leading contact center technology platforms and applications, such as Avaya, Cisco, Genesys, Verint, NICE, Salesforce, etc. 
 2+ years of Experience with the full lifecycle of designing, building and operating and systems on Amazon Web Services (AWS) 
 3+ years of application development experience on Aspect platform. 
 Working knowledge of security concepts such as single sign on, IAM and data security. 
 Familiarity with DevOps concepts such as continuous integration, continuous deployment, automated testing, and infrastructure-as-code 
 Certifications 
 AWS Connect Certifications:
 AWS Certified Solutions Architect 
 AWS Certified Developer 
 AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner 
 Competencies 
 Analytical Discipline 
Business Excellence 
Change Agent 
Character 
Collaboration & Teamwork 
Customer Centric 
Self Development 
Accountability 
Additional Information 
 Important:  The candidate must provide evidence of academic preparation or courses related to the published job. 
 As Puerto Rico’s leading financial institution, we reaffirm our commitment to offer essential financial services and solutions for our customers at all times, including during emergency situations and/or natural disasters. Popular’s employees are considered essential workers, whose role is critical in the continuity of these important services even under such circumstances. By applying to this position, you acknowledge that Popular may require your services during and immediately after any such events. 
 
 Popular Inc., is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
 Learn more about us at www.popular.com and keep updated with our latest job postings at www.jobs.popular.com. 
 
 
 Job Segment:  Outside Sales, Compliance, Sales Support, Sales, Legal Popular Bank 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job IT Architect jobs in San Juan, PR Jobs at Popular Bank in San Juan, PR IT Architect salaries in San Juan, PR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Popular Bank Popular Bank 1,138 reviews Popular, Inc., doing business as Banco Popular in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands and as Popular Community Bank in the United States, ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
