
 
 
 
 CSA Manager - AI and Machine Learning - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search CSA Manager - AI and Machine Learning Microsoft 7,110 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,110 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Microsoft envisions a world where passionate innovators come to collaborate, envisioning what can be and taking their careers places they simply couldn’t anywhere else. This is a world of more possibility, more innovation, more openness, and sky’s-the-limit thinking – a cloud-enabled world. 
Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more .   This mission is ambitious and at the core of what our customers and employees care deeply about. We have unique capability in harmonizing the needs of both individuals and organizations. We deeply care about taking our ideals and vision global and making a difference in lives and organizations in all corners of the planet. 
We are always learning. Insatiably curious. We lean into uncertainty, take risks, and learn quickly from our mistakes. We build on each other’s ideas, because we are better together. We stand in awe of what humans dare to achieve and are motivated every day to empower others to do more and achieve more through our technology and innovation. Together we make a difference. 
To learn more about Microsoft’s mission, please visit: https://careers.microsoft.com/mission-culture 
Check out all of our products at: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us 
Microsoft aspires to help our customers achieve their own digital transformation, leveraging the power of Microsoft Cloud solutions and services. To this end, Microsoft is investing in a dedicated Customer Success team that will help Microsoft customers successfully adopt Microsoft Cloud solution and services. 
As part of this growth, we are recruiting for a talented CSA Manager to lead a team of deeply technical Cloud Solution Architects (CSA), focused in AI and machine learning, to drive growth of Azure AI Services for a set of Enterprise accounts across different industries . This is an exciting role that will help fuel Azure Customer success through innovation and adoption of data governance. 
Responsibilities 
This represents an exciting opportunity for a Manager to lead a team of deeply technical AI& ML focused CSA's that will help fuel Azure Customer success through innovation and adoption of data governance. 
Key responsibilities include: 
Hire, on-board, develop, coach, mentor and evaluate an AI-focused CSA team, effectively set a clear bar for excellence; build a high performing team that will be diverse and inclusive.Must possess exceptional cross-team collaboration and communication. 
Partner with all required Microsoft stakeholders in WCB and subsidiary to drive CSA role clarity, account coverage, project assignment and effective cross-team collaboration 
Coach and enable your team to accelerate Azure AI projects toproduction, including guidance on architectural design, technical recommendations, hands on development of POCs and MVPs, blocker escalations and technical resource orchestration 
Ensure your team delivers high quality production AI-powered deployments that are resilient and successful and creates re-usable IP / best practices that can be shared and replicated across regions 
Drive operational excellence, including timely consumption opportunity management and high-quality reporting and insights 
Qualifications 
To be considered for this CSA Manager role, we're looking for an individual to offer excellence and competency across a range of areas: 
Professional Expertise 
Experience. 10+ years of experience in technical sales, engineering or consultative delivery services with atleast 3 years in the AI space (required) 
Management.3+ years of experience in people management (required) with preferably managing geographically disperse teams across timezones, as well as gained in other leading software and/or services companies/competitor environment 
Change.7+ years of experience driving change management or technical adoption(required) 
Collaboration.Proven ability to generate trust, build alliances, and orchestrate interdisciplinary teams to the benefit of customers 
Communication.Thought-leader with executive presence, including the ability to hold CxO and BDM level discussions, exceptional interpersonal, verbal, written and presentation skills 
Prior work experience in other software and/or services companies such as Amazon, Google, IBM, Oracle(desired ) 
Technical 
Strong and relevant technical understanding of AI and machine learning, including AI enterprise cloud workloads 
Strong understand of Azure AI Platform (or other AI platform such as AWS, GCP, IBM) – Azure Machine Learning, Azure Cognitive Search, Azure Cognitive Services and Azure Bot Services 
Proven ability to map the customer’s needs to technical solutions 
Ability to stay up to date on new/improved Azure AI and data governance scenarios and workloads 
Empathy, curiosity, and desire to constantly improve, acquire new skills and drive for results 
Demonstrated Technical leadership through prior technical coaching/leadership roles 
Ability to act on Customer Escalation and needs, Unblock the customer through orchestration of right resources at the right time 
Education 
A bachelor's degree in Computer Science, IT, Engineering or related field, or relevant experience highly preferred 
Certification in one or more of the following technologiespreferred:Data Science, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,110 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
