
 
 
 
 Product Manager, Document Cloud AI and Innovation - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Manager, Document Cloud AI and Innovation Adobe 698 reviews San Jose, CA Adobe 698 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Our Company
 
 
Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.
 
 
We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours! 
 
 The Opportunity
 Help us unlock information in documents, intertwine artificial intelligence and user experience, and invent the future – across mobile and the cloud. We are seeking a Senior Product Manager who has a passion for combining emerging machine learning technologies and unproven ideas into shipping products, as well as the skills and experience to scale the product after first ship. By some estimates, at least 80% information created and used by enterprises is unstructured content, and much of this content lives in documents. The velocity of content creation and consumption grows at a breathtaking pace, and consumers, businesses and developers are looking for solutions that help them get more out of documents.
 If you are passionate about the application of natural language processing and computer vision to help people read and comprehend better, and businesses streamline workflows and unlock content to make better decisions, this is the role for you. Excited to join this adventure with us? Then we encourage you to apply!
 What you'll Do
 Ship category-defining products and services at the intersection of exciting business opportunities, hard product problems, ground-breaking technologies and delightful customer experiences. Here are a couple of examples of high-impact products recently shipped by this team:
 Redefining how consumers read and work with documents on mobile: Read more about Liquid Mode here and see how Fortune listed Adobe in their list of 2020 world-changing companies because of Liquid Mode
 Accelerating digital transformation for businesses by making document-based processes more effective: Check out the Adobe PDF Extract API beta here
 Identify new opportunities by routinely conducting customer research, while collaborating with design, engineering, and AI researchers to rapidly conceptualize, prototype, and validate new ideas.
 Use customer feedback, data analysis and focus on asking and answering the right questions to scale your product beyond first ship
 Deeply understand and synthesize technology and market developments to build business cases for organic and inorganic investments in new or adjacent product areas
 Routinely present product strategy and concepts to key influencers and senior leadership.
 What you need to succeed
 Zero to One and growth mentality: Experience and passion not just for bringing a new product to market but unlocking the next phase of growth, especially in consumer-facing mobile and web applications
 Curiosity: Strong desire to learn about new problem spaces and understand the "why", not just the "what"
 Savvy Innovator: Keen and flexible intellect with strong conceptual thinking, analytical, and problem-solving skills. Ability to evaluate alternatives qualitatively and quantitatively and make compelling recommendations on what’s right for the product.
 Open-minded Collaborator: Excellent collaboration skills to keep your teams moving in the right direction. Challenges assumptions by actively soliciting opposing perspectives and alternative ideas.
 Top Notch Communicator: Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Ability to clearly communicate ideas, business rationale and implications to anyone from customers, engineers and designers, legal and marketing to C-level executives.
 Results-Oriented: Not afraid to roll up one’s sleeves and be inventive in getting the job done. Leads by example, holds self-accountable for performance, and champions all aspects of their initiatives.
 Leadership: Proven ability to lead both directly and through influence.
 Consistent Track Record: Minimum of 5 years’ (3 years post MBA) experience in a product management role related to business/consumer applications or cloud-based services.
 Bonus: Technical background or degree, especially related to AI; SQL or other data analysis tools Adobe 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Manager jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Adobe in San Jose, CA Product Manager salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Adobe Adobe 698 reviews Adobe is the global leader in digital media and digital marketing solutions. Our creative, marketing and document solutions empower every... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
