
 
 
 
 Scientists, Engineers, Builders - Boulder, CO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Scientists, Engineers, Builders Fathom Radiant Boulder, CO Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About us 
Fathom Radiant is building computer hardware to train neural networks at the human brain-scale and beyond. By combining the complementary strengths of optics and electronics, we have developed a revolutionary interconnect fabric that enables a flexible machine with the network capacity of a supercomputer and unprecedented scalability. 
 
 Our founding team has previously founded startups with more than $500 million in exits. We are well-funded from investors including Khosla Ventures, Jeff Bezos, and many others. 
Our mission 
Fathom was founded using first-principles thinking to build hardware that can enable artificial general intelligence. We don't consider beneficial advancement inevitable and believe that we can make the difference in how and when safe machine intelligence is developed. 
As a public benefit corporation, we are bound by our charter to help mitigate the risks that such technology creates and ensure that its benefits are shared by all. To pursue these goals we have chosen to establish an independent ethics board, collaborate with other groups focused on beneficial AI, and investigate policy mechanisms for the differential advancement of AI alignment research. 
Our values 
In our people, we above all value kindness, a scout mindset, a focus on improvement, and prioritising to get the right things done. 
 
 We aim to build one of the most potentially transformative technologies in the world, with massive social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we are actively striving to have a range of diverse perspectives on our team. 
 
 Help us build the future of beneficial AI. 
 
 This role 
Do you have strong technical skills? 
Do you not quite fit into the other categories for which we have open positions? 
Do you have deep knowledge or experience in physics, optics, electronics, hardware, software and/or machine learning? 
Do you want to contribute toward building hardware for the future of machine intelligence? 
We closely review every submission accompanied by a cover letter and try to find you the right role or future role in our growing team! 
Remote work possible for some. Fathom Radiant 18 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Builder jobs in Boulder, CO Jobs at Fathom Radiant in Boulder, CO Builder salaries in Boulder, CO Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
