
 
 
 
 Head of Government Affairs - Washington, DC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Head of Government Affairs Rebellion Defense Washington, DC We are seeking a head of Government Affairs in Washington. 
 
This role will help to shape Rebellion’s outreach and engagement across the U.S. government with a particular focus on Capitol Hill. This position will play a key role in Rebellion’s ability to operationalize software-centric national security innovation and serve as a trusted partner across our government customer base and the policy community. This position will advance industry-level discussion around the implementation of AI for national security priorities and play a central role in managing and coordinating the company’s relationships on Capitol Hill, with the administration and with key industry voices. 
 
What you’ll do: 
 Work with Executive Team to develop government outreach strategy and build relationships with key stakeholders across government 
 Lead, develop and execute Washington engagement efforts, to include managing outreach campaigns, and engaging with senior officials across Congress and the Administration 
 Dedicate time to building Rebellion’s policy voice internally and externally 
 Contribute to shaping of legislation and policy proposals to foster adoption of cutting-edge capabilities to the national security sector 
 Work with Executive Team to reinforce Rebellion as a thought leader regarding the applications of AI technology for defense and national security 
 
 While an active US Security Clearance is not required, willingness and eligibility to obtain a US Security Clearance is required. 
 
You may be fit for this role if you possess: 
 Government Relations and Public Affairs experience in the national security or technology sectors 
 Experience on Capitol Hill with demonstrated ability to navigate the legislative process. 
 Experience working with Washington think tank, legislative, and administration landscapes 
 Proven ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and to grow and succeed in a dynamic and fast-paced work environment. 
 Excellent written and verbal communication and project management skills 
 A general understanding of modern technology to include cloud services, artificial intelligence, and Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) 
 The ability to write and understand technical and legislative language 
 A passion for enabling the mission of defense and national security with modern software 
 Master's degree in Political Science, Public Policy, Law, Public Administration, or Business (preferred, but not required). 
 Rebellion is a well-capitalized technology start-up firm that is passionate about defining and delivering modern, life-changing software products to the US Department of Defense (DoD), the UK Ministry of Defence (MoD), and their allies. At Rebellion we believe in operating what we own, we deliver all of our products as managed services, this allows our product teams to maintain operational ownership across all deployments. Expect talented, motivated, intense, and interesting co-workers. 
 
 Compensation includes meaningful equity ownership, competitive salaries, full medical coverage, disability and life insurance, and transit reimbursement. 
 
 An Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled. 
 Rebellion Defense is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. Rebellion Defense does not discriminate against applicants on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, disability, or any other protected characteristic in accordance with federal, state, and local law. Rebellion Defense 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Rebellion Defense in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rebellion Defense Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
