
 
 
 
 Member of The Research Staff, Artificial Intelligence - Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Member of The Research Staff, Artificial Intelligence Xerox 14,356 reviews Palo Alto, CA Xerox 14,356 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description City:  Palo Alto, Cary
 State/Province:  California, North Carolina
 Country:  United States
 Department:  Research & Development
 Date:  Thursday, March 18, 2021
 Working time:  Full-time
 Ref#:  20010718
 Job Level:  Individual Contributor
 Job Type:  Experienced
 Job Field:  Research & Development
 Description & Requirements
 PARC, a Xerox company, is in the Business of Breakthroughs®. Practicing open innovation, we provide custom R&D services, technology, expertise, best practices, and intellectual property to Fortune 500 and Global 1000 companies, startups, and government agencies and partners. We create new business options, accelerate time to market, augment internal capabilities, and reduce risk for our clients. Since its inception, PARC has pioneered many technology platforms – from the Ethernet and laser printing to the GUI and ubiquitous computing – and has enabled the creation of many industries. Incorporated as an independent, wholly owned subsidiary of Xerox in 2002, PARC today continues the research that enables breakthroughs for our clients' businesses. 
PARC is looking for an exceptional candidate who can contribute to the theory and practice of the design of cyberphysical (combination of mechanical, electrical, software, …) systems. We are particularly interested in research which takes a description of a desired function and outlines a plan for the manufacture of an assembly of custom and off-the-shelf parts to achieve this function. The custom parts may be constructed through additive or subtractive methods. Projects include continuing work with various government agencies (e.g., DARPA, DOE, NIST) and Xerox funded AI technology in Digital Design and Manufacturing, IoT, and AI applications. The candidate will be working in a team of over a dozen researchers in AI and Design. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 Research, design, develop, and implement innovative approaches, methods, and algorithms. 
 Publish results in conferences and file patents 
 Work with internal and external collaborators to formulate problems and define requirements 
 Develop research plans and write proposals 
 Contribute to projects within PARC utilizing 3D manufacturing technology 
 
 
 Requirements: 
 Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, or related discipline 
 A typical candidate would have a Ph.D. in Artificial Intelligence with extensive knowledge of engineering, or aa Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering with extensive knowledge of Artificial Intelligence (both symbolic and machine learning) 
 Demonstrated expertise in physics-based modeling and simulation, control, machine learning, and optimization (both traditional and AI-inspired), e.g. strong publication record 
 Demonstrated implementation skills, including expertise in Python and Matlab. 
 Research mindset and ability to contribute to writing proposals 
 Self-starting: Can work independently within a multi-disciplinary team 
 Experience in reading scientific papers and replicating methods 
 Familiarity with modern software tools and practices 
 Familiarity with generative and combinatorial design 
 Knowledge of Modelica is a plus 
 Familiarity with functional languages is a plus. 
 #LI-DP1 
 Xerox is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, gender identity or expression, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, use of a guide dog or service animal, military/veteran status, citizenship status, basis of genetic information, or any other group protected by law. Learn more at  www.xerox.com  and explore our  commitment to diversity and inclusion!  People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply or compete for employment with Xerox may request such accommodation(s) by sending an e-mail to XeroxStaffingAdminCenter@xerox.com. Be sure to include your name, the job you are interested in, and the accommodation you are seeking. 
 © 2020 Xerox Corporation. All rights reserved. Xerox® and Xerox and Design® are trademarks of Xerox Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Xerox 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Palo Alto, CA Jobs at Xerox in Palo Alto, CA Researcher salaries in Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Xerox Xerox 14,356 reviews Why build your career at Xerox? 

Because every day you’ll work alongside people who are as passionate about new ideas, customer servic... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
