
 
 
 
 Manager of Channel Sales - West Region - Phoenix, AZ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager of Channel Sales - West Region Lenovo 1,100 reviews Phoenix, AZ Lenovo 1,100 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description Position Description: 
 About Lenovo: 
We are focused on a bold vision to deliver smarter technology for all by developing technologies that create a more inclusive, trustworthy and sustainable digital society. We design, engineer and build one of the world’s most complete portfolio of smart devices and infrastructure. Our goal is to enable intelligent transformation to create better experiences and opportunities for millions of customers around the world.
 We make technology that powers the world’s best ideas. We design tools for those who are driven by accomplishment. We are the company that powers the people who Do. The engine that helps them Do more. Do better. Do what’s never been done. And we are united in the quest to help our users defy the impossible. Join us in defining the New IT world of tomorrow!
 Who You’ll Work With: 
At Lenovo, we manufacture one of the world’s widest portfolios of connected products, including PCs (ThinkPad, Yoga, Lenovo Legion), tablets, smartphones and workstations as well as augmented and virtual reality (Mirage, ThinkReality) and smart home/office solutions, software and services. In this role you will be representing the product portfolio for our IDG business.
 IDG (Intelligent Device Group) – The IDG at Lenovo houses our PC and Smart Devices. We combine investment in high-growth segments (workstations, gaming, visuals, thin and light devices) with new innovation in the smart device categories and continue to explore new opportunities across AR/VR, artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), security and as-a-service solutions.
 Lenovo is not just another technology company. We make the technology that powers the world’s best ideas. We design tools for those who are driven by accomplishment. We are the company that powers the People Who Do. The engine that helps them Do more. Do better. Do what’s never been done. And we are united in the quest to help our users defy the impossible.
 We are looking for an experienced NSP Channel Sales Manager for our West Region supporting Insight and Zones. This Regional Channel Sales Manager will be responsible for driving revenue, profit, and customer satisfaction, covering Lenovo’s West Coast NSP channel partners located in Seattle and Arizona.
 The primary function of this position is to grow business with some of Lenovo’s largest customers by protecting the base and growing across all customer segments.
 The successful candidate will have a 5 -10 year proven track record in strategic selling and account management with Channel Partners. A proven track record managing a team of sales professionals is required. The Regional Manager must have the ability to create relationships at all levels within our key NSP accounts, including C level. The position requires excellent time management skills and strong interpersonal and communication skills.
 Previous experience working with large Channel Partners is required as well as an excellent understanding of NSP, tier II, and distribution channels.
 Travel is estimated to be 60%.
 Why Lenovo? 
Lenovo is a US $50 billion Fortune Global 500 company, with 57,000 employees and operating in 180 markets around the world. We are #1 PC company on the planet, BCG's 50 most innovative companies, and one of Interbrand’s 100 BEST global brands.
 Awards & Recognition: 
 Fortune Magazine’s World’s Most Admired Companies, 2020 & 2019 Human Rights Campaign, Corporate Quality Index – Perfect Score 2020, 2019, 2018 Universum’s World’s Most Attractive Employers, 2020 Best Places to work for LGBTQ Equality, 2021 & 2020 Top 100 Internship Programs Winner, 2020 Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations by Corporate Knights, 2020 Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index – Perfect Score, 2020 IoT Breakthrough Award, 2020 2020 Fortune Global 500, #224 Top 100 to Watch for Remote Jobs, 2019
 Learn more about why it’s great to work at Lenovo - https://www.lenovobenefits.com/why-join-lenovo 
 Position Requirements: 
 Minimum 5 years Channel Sales Management experience required. Previous experience managing a sales team is required. At least 5 years PC/IT Hardware Industry experience is required. Proven experience at C-level engagement. Strong business acumen. Financial Management: capability to manage P&L. 60% Travel required. 
 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any federal, state, or local protected class. Lenovo 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Regional Sales Manager jobs in Phoenix, AZ Jobs at Lenovo in Phoenix, AZ Regional Sales Manager salaries in Phoenix, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lenovo Lenovo 1,100 reviews At Lenovo, our mission is simple: we create technology that enables people to challenge and inspire the world, helping them lead more ful... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
