
 
 
 
 Senior Data Scientist - Denver, CO 80202 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Data Scientist Verizon 28,785 reviews Denver, CO 80202 Verizon 28,785 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $100,800 - $187,200 a year Job Type Full-time Part-time Full Job Description When you join Verizon 
 Verizon is a leading provider of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, transforming the way we connect across the globe. We’re a diverse network of people driven by our ambition and united in our shared purpose to shape a better future. Here, we have the ability to learn and grow at the speed of technology, and the space to create within every role. Together, we are moving the world forward – and you can too. Dream it. Build it. Do it here. 
What you’ll be doing... 
 Verizon is serious about innovation. About being the first and being the best. Verizon Location Services (VLS) sits at the core of the Strategy and New Business Development organization and is a critical part of driving innovation across our global customer base, both inside and outside of Verizon. Backed by more than 50 years of location-based expertise, we are building solutions that leverage the power of location intelligence to help drive technologies of the future. Technologies like 5G, Multi-Access Edge Computing and Artificial Intelligence that are allowing us to create products that were previously impossible. We’re building tomorrow with the best of today.
 Your role 
Use your experience and skill set (along with your imagination) to manipulate and analyze complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources to help develop various types of data-driven products. 
Conduct market/competitive research and analysis to understand current market trends; identify “white space” opportunities; and understand technology distributions that could impact the Data Science road map. 
Spearhead statistical analysis,third party data integration and hypothesis testing. 
Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation. 
Collaborate with other engineers or engineering teams to push the algorithms into production. 
Use your passion for identifying questions and for answering hard questions with data to improve business performance. 
What we’re looking for... 
 You'll need to have: 
Bachelor’s degree in engineering, statistics, or mathematics or or four or more years of work experience. 
Six or more years of relevant work experience. 
Experience in exceptional data mining, statistical analysis and coding skills. 
Experiencein big data technologies and strong skills in a statistical programming language such as Python, R or Scala.
 Skills with analyzing and deconstructing very large data sets. 
Even better if you have 
Master’s degree or PhD in applied mathematics, statistics, physics, computer science, operations research or related field. 
Ability to solve problems, attitude, an entrepreneurial spirit, and a desire to unlocking multi-millions worth of unique data. 
Experience in exceptional data mining, statistical analysis and coding skills. 
Experience on the Amazon cloud platform and working in Spark, Redshift, Parquet. 
Ability to balance the “art and science” by solving analytical problems using quantitative and qualitative approaches. 
Passion forknowledge and helping othersknow how the MapQuest data and information can be leveraged everyday across B2C and B2B products. 
Ability to turn significant amounts of data into informative/ insightful actions through various statistical techniques that turns into business results. 
Ability to work independently as well as lead small cross-functional teams 
Leadership experience in Location-Based Analytics. 
Experience with mobile technologies, geospatial and location services. 
Knowledge of big data processing technologies such as Kafka, Hadoop, and NoSQL database. 
Experience with deep Learning technologies such as Convolutional Neural Networks and their application to computer vision. 
Knowledge with agile development methodology. 
Compensation 
 Our benefits are designed to help you move forward in your career, and in areas of your life outside of Verizon. From health and wellness benefits, short term incentives, 401 (k) Savings Plan, Stock Together, paid time off, parental leave, adoption assistance and tuition assistance, plus other incentives,we’ve got you covered with our award-winning total rewards package. For part-timers, your coverage will vary as you may be eligible for some of these benefits depending on your individual circumstances. 
If you are hired into a Colorado work location, the compensation range for this position is between  $100,800 and $187,200  based on a full-time schedule. The salary will vary depending on your location and confirmed job-related skills and experience. This is an  incentive  based position with the potential to earn more. For part-time roles, your compensation will be adjusted to reflect your hours. 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
 We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. At Verizon, we know that diversity makes us stronger. We are committed to a collaborative, inclusive environment that encourages authenticity and fosters a sense of belonging. We strive for everyone to feel valued, connected, and empowered to reach their potential and contribute their best. Check out our  diversity and inclusion  page to learn more. Verizon 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Data Scientist jobs in Denver, CO Jobs at Verizon in Denver, CO Senior Data Scientist salaries in Denver, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Verizon Verizon 28,785 reviews As one of the world’s leading providers of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, Verizon is transforming th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
