
 
 
 
 VFX Compositor - Dallas, TX 75226 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VFX Compositor Groove Jones LLC Dallas, TX 75226 Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Groove Jones is a creative technology company that produces next-generation experiences for world-class brands. We are best known for our award-winning work in AR (Augmented Reality), VR (Virtual Reality), ML (Machine Learning), and AI (Artificial Intelligence) Application development. 
 
We're currently accepting resumes and portfolios for a VFX Compositor. This person enjoys crafting composed shots and considers themselves proficient in multiple editing and visual design software including Nuke, After Effects and Photoshop. They are comfortable designing Nuke compositions and integrating into the Nuke studio pipeline for efficient render management. Addition experience managing 360° stereoscopic footage through CaraVR is a plus! 
 The right candidate should enjoy working in a collaborative environment, they should be organized and have an eye for detail. They should also have an insatiable appetite to research, learn and test their knowledge and skills to build things that haven't been done before! 
 This is a contract position located in Dallas, Texas. 
 
 REQUIREMENTS 
 B.A. / B.S. Degree in Film or related field 
 Passionate about AR & VR 
 Proficient in Nuke, After Effects and Photoshop 
 Experience working with 360° stereoscopic footage is a plus 
 Familiar with Nuke Studio, Cara VR and DaVinci Resolve 
 3+ years industry experience preferred Groove Jones LLC 23 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Groove Jones in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Groove Jones LLC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
