
 
 
 
 Director of Operations - Coralville, IA 52241 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director of Operations VIDA Diagnostics Coralville, IA 52241 COMPANY OVERVIEW 
 VIDA is a growing company with BIG focus. Our amazing team is focused on transforming pulmonary care through a combination of AI-powered analysis and image analysis services. We are on the leading edge of artificial/augmented intelligence (AI) in medical imaging, with a focus on computed tomography, and are working with the industry’s biggest players. We are fighting to provide greater precision and personalization across a range of lung diseases from emphysema and airway obstructive diseases (COPD)—to asthma, interstitial lung disease, and lung cancer. While we are a small company, our benefits reflect those of a larger company. We love and are very passionate about the work we do and want to add to our VIDA team! 
 Title:  Director of Operations 
 Dept:  Imaging Services 
 Location:  Coralville, IA 
 POSITION SUMMARY 
 We are looking for a Director of Operations to manage a highly dedicated Imaging Services team, delivering operational excellence for projects ranging from retrospective investigations to large scale clinical and pharmaceutical trials. Our team of Precision Analysts use VIDA’s in-house developed AI software to provide imaging analytics to customers for the assessment of lung disease. Additionally, you will help identify meaningful opportunities to improve our service delivery and operational processes to drive business growth, efficiency, and customer satisfaction. If you are passionate about patient care and want to join a fast-growing company, then we would love to meet you!
 ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS 
 Manage VIDA’s Coralville Imaging Services’ operations team to meet customer needs, deliver high product quality, and achieve financial goals. 
 Ensure and improve the performance, productivity, efficiency, and profitability of departmental operations through the provision of effective and innovative methods and strategies 
 Contribute to both department and company level strategic decisions to prioritize within functional areas 
 Track and analyze relevant data to support attainment of strategic goals, new business development and operations improvement. 
 Lead the procurement and management of suppliers for outsourced processes, ensuring compliance with quality and regulatory requirements 
 Accountable for program quality and compliance with standard operating procedures. 
 Independently plan, lead, and execute multiple cross functional projects · Identify staffing requirements, and ensure resourcing needs are filled timely and effectively 
 Identify staffing requirements, and ensure resourcing needs are filled timely and effectively 
 POSITION REQUIREMENTS 
 The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge skills and abilities required. Employees who do not possess the requirements for a job at the time of hire will not be considered for the position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
 Skills And Experience 
 5-7 years of relevant experience in an Operations management role, with a preference at a startup or a software company during scale 
 Experience managing an operations function subject to ISO-9001 and/or ISO-13485 compliance 
 Advanced to expert fluency in Microsoft office 
 Strong communication skills and the ability to make recommendations to leadership, backed by analysis 
 Meticulous attention to detail with an ability to learn quickly 
 Must be able to manage multiple projects and work with key stakeholders across different business units 
 Experience with HIPAA, GCP, and/or EU data privacy requirements a plus 
 EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS 
 BA/BS Required 
 Language Requirements: 
 The primary language of VIDA Diagnostics is English. 
 SUPERVISON REQUIREMENTS 
This position reports to: COO 
This position supervises: A team of Precision Analysts & Project Managers VIDA Diagnostics 25 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Operations jobs in Coralville, IA Jobs at VIDA Diagnostics in Coralville, IA Director of Operations salaries in Coralville, IA Company Info Follow Get job updates from VIDA Diagnostics VIDA is a growing company with BIG focus. Our amazing team is focused on transforming pulmonary care through a combination of AI-powered ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
