
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Subject Matter Expert - Arlington, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Subject Matter Expert Tekla Research Arlington, VA Must be a U.S. Citizen 
 
 Clearance Required:   DoD TS with SCI eligibility within the last 12 months 
 
 Education:  Minimum of Masters Degree. Degree must be in a relevant Science, Technology, Engineering or Math discipline. 
 
 Experience:  14+ years’ relevant experience and at least 7 years’ of recent direct experience in artificial intelligence, machine learning (AI/ML), and/or software development. 
 
 Position Description: 
 Support Program Director in oversight of and technical assistance to the Joint Artificial Intelligence Center (JAIC). 
 Maintain modernization tech roadmaps related to Artificial Intelligence and related technologies. Roadmaps shall include all DoD activities and applicable program elements.
 Modernization roadmaps shall be current and updated at the direction of the respective PD or DDRE(M) Front Office. 
 Coordinate roadmaps with key stakeholders, including DoD leaders, the Services/Agencies, and other key partners 
 Refine and update S&T roadmaps based on feedback from stakeholders and changes to technology development investments. 
 Assist and prepare presentations and reports to DoD leadership, outside agencies, Congress, Industry, Academia, Professional Societies, and others as directed by your Program Director. 
 Track department-wide budgets for efforts aligning with their respective Program Director. 
 Prepare and conduct meetings related to your Program Director's focus area (Artificial Intelligence) Tekla Research 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Subject Matter Expert jobs in Arlington, VA Jobs at Tekla Research in Arlington, VA Subject Matter Expert salaries in Arlington, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Tekla Research Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
