
 
 
 
 Director of Site Security and Incident Management - Foxborough, MA 02035 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director of Site Security and Incident Management Teamops Llc 18 reviews Foxborough, MA 02035 Teamops Llc 18 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description SUMMARY:
 The Director of Site Security and Incident Management is responsible for oversight of the security command centers, onsite and remote surveillance activities, security operations planning and direct liaison with federal, state and local public safety partners. This position requires prior law enforcement or military experience, along with incident management training and/or certification. This position requires demonstrated expertise in surveillance technology and access control. Also, experience in site security, to include evaluation of risk, operational security planning and coordination with public safety partners. This position requires positive proactive communication to ensure the highest level of security and customer service at both Gillette Stadium and Patriot Place. 
 
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
 Manage command center personnel ensuring professional and proficient use of surveillance cameras, access control and other security related technologies. 
Manage and continually evaluate to achieve optimal use of camera systems, access control and other related security technologies. 
Continual and ongoing assessment of risk management related to the stadium and other properties. 
Oversee command centers for 24/7 operations 
Assist in security planning and incident management under federally recognized management systems. 
Coordinate and liaison with public safety partners regarding developed security plans, incident management and response to the stadium and other properties. 
Manage and direct security staff including coaching, disciplinary action and performance reviews. Provide leadership and supervision to TeamOps personnel to ensure highest level of customer service is delivered. 
Effectively execute vision and operational strategy to drive organizational performance of Gillette Stadium and Patriot Place command center(s).
 Acknowledge and deploy staff to alarms within the facility. Communicate all occurrences to VP Security, along with other security stakeholders for collaboration on approach for appropriate action when required. 
Maintain CCTV system as method of surveillance for Gillette Stadium and Patriot Place and continually work to enhance system including through use of artificial intelligence. 
Perform routine inspections of facility and document executables and results in operational software (24/7) Work with VP Security and other security stakeholders to determine cadence, points for evaluation and determine action plan for next steps on required items.
 Arrange for repair, planned maintenance and unplanned maintenance of all security equipment throughout facility to ensure systems and equipment are always functioning as intended. 
Manage invoices for security department relevant to position and responsibilities to ensure proper and timely payment.
 Conduct investigations for both site wide issues and for TeamOps employee issues at Gillette Stadium, report results to VP Security and liaise with Director of Event Security and Risk Assessment for investigative purposes and bring matters to closure in connection with other operating departments, including human resources. 
Conduct investigations and act as liaison to legal, human resources, other operating departments, insurance companies and consultants for any incidents that may result in loss. 
Assist in the coordination of needed personal security for ownership or other key company executives. 
Assist in the execution of background checks as directed by VP of Security. 
Review daily reports from the Command Center/Shift Supervisors 
Monitor security officers documentation to ensure business partners have sufficient information. 
On a daily basis inform the VP Security and other relevant security department stakeholders of any incidents, issues regarding the site that may occur 
Monitor payroll expenses annually. Work with human resources to ensure proper staffing levels are met. 
Ensure proper training of staff on all relevant protocols, roles expectations and systems. 
Special projects and assignments as business dictate. 
Responsible for the maintenance, creation and control of all personally identifiable information or any other information protected by any Confidentiality or Privacy Standards or Company Policies that you have access or knowledge of, including but not limited to any state or federal regulations including HIPPA 
 
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES 
Internal Patrol Officers 
Mobile Officers 
Gatehouse Officers 
Shift Supervisors 
Patriot Place Site Operator 
 
SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS 
College degree required
 Law enforcement or military experience required 
Incident management training and/or certification 
Excellent communication skills 
Strong observation skills 
Concise writing skills 
Thorough understanding of the security operation 
Ability to work in a fast-paced changing environment 
 
PHYSICAL DEMANDS
 While performing the duties of this job, the employee is required to be standing for a period of 6 hours or more. 
The employee frequently is required to talk or hear. 
The employee is regularly required to reach with hands and arms. 
The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 20 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 30 pounds.
 Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
 
WORK ENVIRONMENT
 Generally located in administrative office during business hours 
Event Venue, noise level in the work environment is typically loud 
Densely populated on event day 
 
CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS 
Certified law enforcement training or military training equivalent 
Incident Management Certification or equivalent training 
 
OTHER DUTIES 
Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. 
 
This company is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. The Kraft Group 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Incident Manager jobs in Foxborough, MA Jobs at Teamops in Foxborough, MA Incident Manager salaries in Foxborough, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Teamops Llc 18 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
