
 
 
 
 Software Developer: University Hire - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Developer: University Hire DevRev Austin, TX DevRev 
 
DevRev is bringing AI and Design to software and customer reliability engineering.  Dev elopers are currently too far away from  Rev enue, resulting in an acutely project-centric (inward-looking) engineering culture that lacks customer empathy. Moreover, the current state of the software industry is extremely inefficient and wasteful - hundreds of billions of dollars are spent in software maintenance. Like self-driving cars, machines are capable of making many engineering chores autonomous. We at DevRev believe that harnessing the knowledge of engineers to build a knowledge-centric system will go a long way in making this industry more product- and customer-centric. 
 
The company recently raised a $50MM seed round, and is being run by founders who have taken companies public on NASDAQ from scratch. DevRev is solving a difficult AI and design problem, and the early employees are committed to the marathon of company-building and hard problem-solving. 
 
 
Job Description 
 
We are looking for ambitious and authentic software developers who are excited to bring fresh ideas from all areas to their work, including artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design, mobile, information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, and more. As a software developer at DevRev, you will have the opportunity to build things that truly matter and to work with a thriving global team. 
 
Minimum qualifications: 
 
 Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience 
 Software development experience coding in a general-purpose programming language 
 Examples of coding in one or more of the following programming languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, Golang, or Python 
 Experience working with data structures or algorithms (i.e., data structures /algorithms class, coursework/projects, research, internships, or other practical experience in/outside of school or work (including open source hobby coding) 
 
 Preferred qualifications: 
 
 Experience programming with two or more of the following languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, Golang, or Python 
 Experience working one or more of the following: web or mobile application development, Unix/Linux environments, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development. 
 Interest and ability to learn other coding languages 
Culture 
 
The foundation of DevRev is its culture, i.e., our commitment to those who are hungry, humble, honest, with heart. Our vision is to help build the earth's most customer-centric companies. Our mission is to leverage design, data engineering, and machine intelligence to empower engineers to embrace their customers. That is  DevRev ! DevRev 27 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at DevRev in Austin, TX Software Developer salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from DevRev Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
