
 
 
 
 Supply Chain Planning Manager - Boise, ID - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Supply Chain Planning Manager Micron 1,039 reviews Boise, ID Micron 1,039 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Micron’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.  Join an inclusive team focused on one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can spark the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Req. ID: 285465 
As a Supply Chain Planning Manager at Micron Technology, Inc., you will be responsible for managing supply in response to signals from Demand Management / Marketing / Sales supporting quarterly revenue plans. This manager will lead a team responsible for matching demand, capacity, and supply to meet customer requirements and cover business objectives. You are ultimately responsible for the success of your regional team and to ensure Business Unit and corporate objectives are met through global collaboration with partners internal and external to supply chain. This includes ensuring inventory targets, customer commitments, and overall production goals and objectives are met. You will work with Global Operations to enable efficient use of capacity and communicate with the Sales and Manufacturing teams to address areas where the supply may be adjusted to better satisfy demand. You will also work with Management on creation of metrics and continuously drive process improvement and accountability to these metrics throughout the supply chain. 
Role Responsibilities & Tasks Drive Strategy and Deliver Results 
Contribute as a member of the Supply Chain leadership team 
Develop strategic direction and provide guidance on key milestones, measurements, and objectives 
Track projects/progress and provide accountability 
Establish a strong network and relationships with partner organizations 
Establish goals and conduct performance appraisals – focused on developing a world class planning team 
Manage employee performance and resolve conflicts 
Prioritize/assign work, remove barriers, and drive for accountability 
Develop strategy and action plans to ensure team activities are actively supporting and achieving strategic objectives 
Promote partnership across functional areas and customer groups 
Provide guidance to senior management on headcount and staffing requirements to enable a world class team supporting key business objectives 
Orchestrate multiple processes across cross functional teams 
Ensure alignment of overall supply capabilities are aligned with expectations and supporting business plans. 
Drive alignment in process and purpose across all Supply teams
 Ensure Communication and Knowledge Transfer with Manufacturing, Sales, and Marketing 
Provide input into the Quarterly Sales Plan, including available supply, recommended inventory levels, supply risk and opportunity, and manufacturing challenges to support revenue plans 
Act as key point of contact regarding supply questions from Sales/BU senior leadership 
Provide guidance to Manufacturing, including notification of Sales priorities, changes, and risks, Sales requirements that cannot be driven through systemic means, and cross-product family priorities 
Communicate with direct customers and external partners by providing input to Sales and Manufacturing 
Communicate with partners to ensure contract adherence and trade-offs 
Drive accountability for established R&Rs across partner organizations 
Coordinate establishment of business practices and processes with partners 
Education: 
Bachelor degree in Industrial Engineering, Supply Chain, or related field 
MS in Engineering or MBA preferred 
Experience:
 5+ years experience in Supply Chain desired
 Previous leadership experience a plus. 
Experience with JDA/Blue Yonder software desired 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
Micron prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and other international and industry labor standards. 
Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron. 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Keywords: Boise || Idaho (US-ID) || United States (US) || Supply Chain || Experienced || Regular || Supply Chain/Logistics || #LI-KV1 || Tier 4 || Micron 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Supply Chain Manager jobs in Boise, ID Jobs at Micron in Boise, ID Supply Chain Manager salaries in Boise, ID Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Micron 1,039 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
