
 
 
 
 Data & Applied Scientist 2 - Sunnyvale, CA 94085 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data & Applied Scientist 2 Microsoft 7,110 reviews Sunnyvale, CA 94085 Microsoft 7,110 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Our team focuses on understanding, predicting, and incentivizing how the advertisers and users interact with our marketplace through algorithm development, optimization, and experimental analysis of advertiser strategies and auction mechanisms.Engineers and scientistson ourteam workat the edge of machine learning and economics developing in the online stack as well as offline workflows.At its core, our teamutilizes signals of user and advertiser intent to determine which ads enter the auction, how they are allocated and at what price. 
Responsibilities 
We are looking for a highly skilled applied scientist with development skill and strong background in Machine Learning, Economics, Decision Theory, Game Theory, Optimization Theory, or related field. Candidates should be passionate about artificial intelligence and optimization at web scale. They will play a key role in driving algorithmic improvements to online and offline systems, develop and deliver robust and scalable solutions, make direct impact to both user and advertisers experience, and continually increase the revenue for Bing ads. 
Responsibilities include: 
Making algorithmic improvements to the Bing Ads’ auction mechanism using principles of game theory; 
Designing, implementing, and analyzing bidding strategies using techniques from control theory and reinforcement learning; 
Designing, implementing, and deploying large-scale optimization algorithms to manage the Bing Ads’ marketplace 
Designing and building efficient models for predicting user interactions with ads and advertiser’s pages. 
Designing and overseeing large-scale, long-term experiments to improve the health of the marketplace using advanced statistics and machine learning; 
Designing automation algorithms for advertisers using techniques from AI and ML to improve advertiser’s return on investment. 
Develop models for causal reasoning using techniques from AI, ML, and statistics. 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: 
Masters or PhD degree in CS/EE or related areas is required. 
2 + years Experience in any of the following areas statistical machine learning, deep learning, data mining, causal inference, information retrieval, game theory, mechanism design, optimization and Bayesian inference. 
Excellent problem solving and data analysis skills. 
Passionate, self-motivated. 
Effective communication skills, both verbal and written. 
Strong software design and development skills/experience. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Research experience (publications) in the following areas is preferred statistical machine learning, deep learning, data mining, causal inference, information retrieval, game theory, mechanism design, optimization and Bayesian inference. 
If Masters candidate, 1-2 years work experience preferred. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. 
#machinelearning #mechanismdesign #gametheory #onlineadvertising #bingads #datascience Microsoft 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Sunnyvale, CA Jobs at Microsoft in Sunnyvale, CA Data Scientist salaries in Sunnyvale, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,110 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
