
 
 
 
 Assistant/Associate Professor in Biosensors and Artificial Intelligence - Gainesville, FL 32611 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant/Associate Professor in Biosensors and Artificial Intelligence University of Florida 1,131 reviews Gainesville, FL 32611 University of Florida 1,131 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Tenure track Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION 
The Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences is committed to creating an environment that affirms diversity across a variety of dimensions, including ability, class, ethnicity/race, gender identity and expression. We particularly welcome applicants who can contribute to such an environment through their scholarship, teaching, mentoring, and professional service. We strongly encourage historically underrepresented groups to apply. 
If an accommodation due to a disability is needed to apply for this position, please call  352-392-2477  or the Florida Relay System at 800-955-8771 (TDD) or visit Accessibility at UF . 
This is a 9-month, tenure track position (60% research 40% teaching) in the Agricultural and Biological Engineering Department (ABE), Institute of Food and Sciences (IFAS). This position will work closely interfacing ABE with others in IFAS, Herbert Wertheim College of Engineering (HWCOE), and UF Artificial Intelligence thriving community. 
The successful candidate is expected to establish an applied research program focused on the development, integration and use of biosensors and AI tools in agricultural and environmental (biological) applications to improve decisions and policies at the local, regional, and international level. The appointee is expected to develop biosensors to complement or replace existing analytical methodologies to measure biological, physical and chemical parameters in biological systems. Biosensor development is anticipated to consider big data and AI-based optimization of noisy/interacting readings, price, size, safety, and biodegradable qualities for different applications. Biosensor application examples in biological systems include precision agriculture, harmful algal blooms, water and soil pollutants, biological indicators, climate change, and food safety. Integration of biosensor networks and AI in rapid early warning systems related to these applications are also desired. 
The teaching portion of this position will include development of a successful undergraduate and graduate education program which will introduce students to cutting-edge biosensor technology and techniques in the context agricultural and biological engineering and will include AI components. The 40% FTE commitment will typically be fulfilled by teaching one undergraduate and one graduate course per year as assigned by the department chair. In addition, the candidate will be expected to participate in co-teaching courses related to senior design and cross-cutting topics. Potential topics in the ABE curriculum might be an undergraduate-level course in  Biosensors  and a graduate-level course in  Biosensors with AI , while other topics based upon candidate’s expertise and interests are welcome . 
The successful candidate is expected to build a nationally and internationally recognized research program supported by a strong graduate research group and extramural funding from state and federal agencies. The candidate is expected to develop and promote his/her research activity and leadership in professional societies, supported by a sustained publication activity in top scientific journals. The candidate will have the opportunity to collaborate with other faculty and research partners, creating synergy both inside and outside of the University of Florida academic community. The candidate will be also expected to participate in all activities of departmental academic life such as research groups, mentorship of undergraduate and graduate students, and academic service activities; and work closely with other faculty in IFAS, the Herbert Wertheim College of Engineering, UF Research Computing, UF Institutes (Informatics, Water, Florida Climate, Food Systems) and the new UF - NVDIA flagship collaboration in AI. 
The ABE department contributes to several department, college, and university efforts related to sensors, control systems, and AI through coursework, certificates, and interdisciplinary M.S. degrees. The successful candidate will participate, integrate, and provide leadership in these efforts to increase AI topic diversity with context-specific applications for biological systems, ensure that the curriculum is relevant and innovative, and expand biosensor curriculum options for undergraduate students. 
The successful candidate will engage in scholarly activities related to instruction, including teaching undergraduate and/or graduate courses, advising and mentoring undergraduate and graduate students, participating in curriculum revision and enhancement, seeking funding for the teaching program, supervising undergraduate and graduate research and creative work, publishing teaching-related scholarship, producing learning tools, and engaging in professional development activities related to teaching and advising. Faculty are encouraged to support and participate in the CALS Honors Program, distance education, and international education. 
Because of the IFAS land-grant mission, all faculty are expected to be supportive of and engaged in all three mission areas—Research, Teaching and Extension—regardless of the assignment split specified in the position description. Candidates must be supportive of the mission of the Land-Grant system. Candidates must also have a commitment to IFAS core values of excellence, diversity, global involvement, accountability and a deep commitment to ethical dignity. The position is expected to provide appropriate levels of service to the department, college, university and/or discipline. Specific expectations are described in department, college and university policy statements regarding evaluation and promotion. 
Background Information: 
The Agricultural and Biological Engineering Department is a unit in the Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences (IFAS) at the University of Florida and has diverse teaching, research and extension education programs. The Department is comprised of 35 faculty members located on the Gainesville campus, 5 faculty located across the state at research and education centers, and 20 support personnel (see website http://abe.ufl.edu), and consistently ranks in the top 10 Agricultural and Biological Engineering programs nationwide. Instilling excellence in research, leadership, innovation, and entrepreneurship are ABE's highest priorities. At ABE, the candidate will join a dynamic, cross-disciplinary group of researchers, and will enjoy broad opportunities for collaborations with existing teams, including those studying biofilm systems and biosensors, biofuels, coupled natural and human ecosystems, nanotechnology and nanomaterials, climate variability and change, crop modeling, hydrology and water quality. 
AI@UF 
JOB QUALIFICATIONS 
Required 
Ph.D. (doctorate) or foreign equivalent in agricultural and biological engineering, electrical engineering, chemical engineering, or a closely related engineering field. 
Understanding and/or interest related to some of the fields of biological engineering, agriculture, natural resources, food engineering, food science, chemistry, physics, microbiology, virology, biotechnology, and nanotechnology is required. 
Candidates are expected to possess strong ability in verbal and written communication skills. 
Candidates are expected to have demonstrated experience through research and refereed publication track-record in the area of biosensors and AI. 
Candidates must be supportive of the mission of the Land-Grant system. Candidates must also have a commitment to IFAS core values of excellence, diversity, global involvement, and accountability. 
Preferred 
Demonstrated experience with grants and funding, interdisciplinary collaborations, and leading research projects. 
Previous teaching experience related to biosensors, AI and systems modeling and analysis at the undergraduate and/or graduate level. 
Postdoctoral and other professional experience, including academic, government R&D, and industry experience, are positive attributes. 
Evidence of effective working in trans-disciplinary groups or consortia between academia and outside stakeholders. 
Involvement in professional societies or other entities related to the discipline. 
Mentorship experience with undergraduate or graduate students. 
INSTRUCTIONS 
For full consideration, candidates should apply and submit additional materials by 3 April 2021. The position will remain open until a viable applicant pool is determined. 
Nominations
 Nominations are welcome. Nominations need to include the complete name and address of the nominee. This information should be sent to: 
Please refer to Requisition # 70569 
Rafael Munoz-Carpena, PhD 
Chair, Search and Screen Committee 
University of Florida 
Agricultural & Biological Engineering 
P.O. Box 110570 
Gainesville, FL 32611 
Telephone: (352)-294-6747 
Electronic Mail: carpena@ufl.edu 
Application Information 
The Search and Screening Committee will begin screening applications on  April 3, 2021 . 
Individuals wishing to apply should go online to http://apply.interfolio.com/84369 and submit:
 Cover letter that highlights applicant’s interest in the position and qualifications relative to the credentials listed above 
Research statement (up to 2 pages) 
Teaching and mentoring statement (up to 2 pages) 
Diversity statement (up to 1 page) 
Curriculum vitae 
Contact information (including email addresses) for 4 individuals willing to provide a verbal (phone) reference and write letters of recommendation. 
Unofficial transcripts 
Selected candidate will be required to provide an official transcript to the hiring department upon hire. A transcript will not be considered “official” if a designation of “Issued to Student” is visible. Degrees earned from an education institution outside of the United States are required to be evaluated by a professional credentialing service provider approved by National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES). 
Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the US. The University of Florida is a public institution and subject to all requirements under Florida Sunshine and Public Record laws. 
The University of Florida is an Equal Opportunity Institution dedicated to building a broadly diverse and inclusive faculty and staff. The University and greater Gainesville community enjoy a diversity of cultural events, restaurants, year-round outdoor recreational activities, and social opportunities. 
#category=64 
 
OPEN DATE 
Feb 17, 2021 
CLOSE DATE 
Open Until Filled 
LOCATION 
Gainesville, FL 
UNIT 
60070000 - AG-AGRICUL / BIOLOGICAL ENG University of Florida 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Gainesville, FL Jobs at University of Florida in Gainesville, FL Associate Professor salaries in Gainesville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Florida 1,131 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
