
 
 
 
 Computer Vision & Artificial Intelligence Senior Staff Member - Knoxville, TN 37932 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Computer Vision & Artificial Intelligence Senior Staff Member Oak Ridge National Laboratory 204 reviews Knoxville, TN 37932 Oak Ridge National Laboratory 204 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Requisition Id 4418 
 
Purpose 
The Energy Systems Analytics (ESA) group at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) conducts applied machine learning and decision science research and development for energy applications, with a focus on advanced manufacturing technologies. The group consists of staff members with backgrounds in electrical engineering, computer science, mechanical engineering, and optical engineering, and frequently collaborates with partners in industry, academia, and other government organizations. 
 
To support ORNL strategic R&D activities in advanced manufacturing, the ESA group is currently accepting applications for a senior research staff member position with expertise in computer vision, machine learning and data analytics. In this role, you will initiate, lead, and perform independent R&D efforts focusing primarily on advanced manufacturing technologies. You will provide technical oversight of a small team of scientists and engineers, and you will be actively engaged in the development of software and hardware techniques to explore three areas of interest: (1) real time quality control of manufacturing processes; (2) understanding of the correlation between manufacturing intent, machine behavior, and part quality; and (3) optimization of manufacturing processes targeting higher throughput and part quality. 
 
You will work at the Manufacturing Demonstration Facility (MDF - https://web.ornl.gov/sci/manufacturing/mdf/) to advance manufacturing technologies, and to facilitate and accelerate their deployment to industry. The MDF relies on a diverse group of experts (material research, systems research, data science, robotics development) and on a cohort of state-of-the-art 3D printers and machining systems to produce complex parts with a wide range of materials and sizes. 
 Job Duties and Responsibilities: 
Lead research projects and teams to meet milestones and deliverables 
Development of advanced analytics solutions for detection and measurement systems 
Development of software and algorithms to collect and analyze data 
Development of imaging/sensing systems to collect data 
Publish research in peer reviewed journals 
Develop new ideas and proposals to support the research team 
Protect intellectual property using patents and copyright licensing 
Promote the growth of the team by recruiting talents 
Mentoring young staff, postdocs, and students 
Participate in frequent ORNL/sponsors meetings 
 Required Qualifications Ph.D. with a minimum of 6 years relevant experience, a M.S. with a minimum of 12 years relevant experiences or a B.S. with 15 years relevant experience in electrical engineering, computer engineering, mechanical engineering, or closely related field
 Experience in designing and building algorithms for 2D and 3D image understanding, using
 Demonstrated experience in leading R&D teams Demonstrated experience conceiving and executing research and development projects Substantial programming skills such as Python and/or C/C++
 Substantial experience in the implementation of learning algorithms Excellent written and oral communication skills 
This position requires access to technology that is subject to export control requirements. Successful candidates must be qualified for such access without an export control license. 
 
*Visa sponsorship is not available for this position* 
 
This position will remain open for a minimum of 5 days after which it will close when a qualified candidate is identified and/or hired. 
We accept Word (.doc, .docx), Adobe (unsecured .pdf), Rich Text Format (.rtf), and HTML (.htm, .html) up to 5MB in size. Resumes from third party vendors will not be accepted; these resumes will be deleted and the candidates submitted will not be considered for employment. 
If you have trouble applying for a position, please email ORNLRecruiting@ornl.gov. 
ORNL is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants, including individuals with disabilities and protected veterans, are encouraged to apply. UT-Battelle is an E-Verify employer. Oak Ridge National Laboratory 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Computer Vision Engineer jobs in Knoxville, TN Jobs at Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Knoxville, TN Computer Vision Engineer salaries in Knoxville, TN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Oak Ridge National Laboratory Oak Ridge National Laboratory 204 reviews Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) provides exceptional researchers with distinctive equipment and unique facilities to solve some of t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
