
 
 
 
 Application Developer, Assistant Vice President - Quincy, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Application Developer, Assistant Vice President State Street 2,895 reviews Quincy, MA State Street 2,895 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Global Services Performance Services division at State Street Corporation is looking for an IT professional with the 5 years of IT experience to be part of our application development team with a demonstrated expertise in Oracle SQL, Pl/Sql, Datastage, Kettle and scripting experiences. The selected candidate will play a key role in the development of our new product capabilities as well as continued refinement of our existing applications. This role will be responsible for delivering complex projects in an Agile manner utilizing mixed resource models including off shore, near shore and co-located development staff. The work will require a candidate to be competent in all aspects of the software development lifecycle
 As an Application Developer - AVP you will:
 Work with business customers to define, initiate and execute on the delivery of our highest priority projects.
 Be an owner of our development process and foster a culture of continuous improvement.
 Translate business requirements into actionable specifications developing code
 Create unit test cases and complete unit testing before moving the code to UAT
 Plan production deployments coordinating with all the teams involved in the process
 Work with QA team to get the testing completed
 Production support as needed
 These skills will help you succeed in this role:
 Excellent Communication skills. Not afraid to ask questions, express concerns or share ideas
 Ability to multi-task. Can take on additional responsibilities and prioritize assignments
 Education & Preferred Qualifications
 Bachelor’s degree or its equivalent in Computer Science or related field
 3 plus years of experience in application development
 Advanced skills in Oracle (12c/19c) databases including PL/SQL development, SQL, performance tuning, working experience with exadata appliances
 ETL Tools (Datastage, Kettle), developing shell scripts, Perl scripts, experience with exadata appliances
 Operating System knowledge: Windows, UNIX, or Linux
 Expert knowledge of re-usable coding patterns and object oriented development paradigms.
 Ability to produce and mentor others in writing simple, readable, and maintainable code.
 The successful delivery of complex software applications from inception to release.
 Past adoptions of various software engineering practices such as Test Driven Development and Continuous Integration.
 Complete understanding of an iterative project cycle as described in Scrum or other Agile methodologies.
 Willingness to engage in and lead various peer based best practices such as paired programming and group code reviews.
 Additional requirements
 Experience with Performance & Analytics, ESP applications is a plus
 Why this role is important to us
 Our technology function, Global Technology Services (GTS), is vital to State Street and is the key enabler for our business to deliver data and insights to our clients. We’re driving the company’s digital transformation and expanding business capabilities using industry best practices and advanced technologies such as cloud, artificial intelligence and robotics process automation.
 We offer a collaborative environment where technology skills and innovation are valued in a global organization. We’re looking for top technical talent to join our team and deliver creative technology solutions that help us become an end-to-end, next-generation financial services company.
 Join us if you want to grow your technical skills, solve real problems and make your mark on our industry.
 About State Street
 What we do.  State Street is one of the largest custodian banks, asset managers and asset intelligence companies in the world. From technology to product innovation we’re making our mark on the financial services industry. For more than two centuries, we’ve been helping our clients safeguard and steward the investments of millions of people. We provide investment servicing, data & analytics, investment research & trading and investment management to institutional clients.
 Work, Live and Grow.  We make all efforts to create a great work environment. Our benefits packages are competitive and comprehensive. Details vary in locations, but you may expect generous medical care, insurance and savings plans among other perks. You’ll have access to flexible Work Program to help you match your needs. And our wealth of development programs and educational support will help you reach your full potential.
 Inclusion, Diversity and Social Responsibility.  We truly believe our employees’ diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspective are a powerful contributor to creating an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive and reach their maximum potential while adding value to both our organization and our clients. We warmly welcome the candidates of diverse origin, background, ability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and personality. Another fundamental value at State Street is active engagement with our communities around the world, both as a partner and a leader. You will have tools to help balance your professional and personal life, paid volunteer days, matching gift program and access to employee networks that help you stay connected to what matters to you.
 State Street is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.
 Discover more at StateStreet.com/careers State Street 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Vice President jobs in Quincy, MA Jobs at State Street in Quincy, MA Assistant Vice President salaries in Quincy, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from State Street State Street 2,895 reviews From technology and product innovation to corporate responsibility and community development, we’re making our mark on the financial serv... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
