
 
 
 
 ASIC Design Efficiency Engineer - New College Grad - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ASIC Design Efficiency Engineer - New College Grad NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are now looking for an ASIC Design Efficiency Engineer.
 NVIDIA is seeking extraordinary methodology engineers to design hardware accelerators and processors on our next-generation mobile, embedded and datacenter platforms. This position offers the opportunity to have real impact in a multifaceted, technology-focused company impacting product lines ranging from consumer graphics to self-driving cars and the growing field of artificial intelligence. Join our dynamic team today!
 What you'll be doing:
 Develop innovative HW, GPU and system designs to extend the state of the art performance and efficiency.
 Understand the design and implementation, develop methodology and infrastructure to drive Performance, Power and Area (PPA) improvements.
 Execute and deliver fully verified, high performance, area and power efficient RTL to achieve design targets.
 Collaborate with architects, designers, verification and VLSI teams to craft the industries' top performing GPUs.
 What we need to see:
 You are pursuing a Bachelors Degree in EE or CE (or equivalent work experience).
 Proficiency in SystemVerilog or similar HDL.
 You have a solid understanding of logic design and computer architecture.
 Strong interpersonal skills are required along with the ability to work in a diverse product oriented team.
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. Are you creative and autonomous? Do you love the challenge of constant innovation and creating the highest performance products in the industry? If so, we want to hear from you. Come, join our GPU ASIC team and help build the real-time, cost-effective computing platform driving our success across multiple fields such as Deep Learning and AI, Autonomous Driving, Gaming and High Performance Computing.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Design Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Design Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
