
 
 
 
 Data Engineer - Fremont, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Engineer Smiths Group 5 reviews Fremont, CA Smiths Group 5 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Location: North America, USA, Fremont 
 Ref: GROUPNA00050 
 Division: Group 
 Job Function: Engineering 
 Job Description 
 The Smiths Digital Forge is a center of excellence for the development of software technologies enabling the digital transformation of the Smiths business. The Digital Forge is a facility located in a technology/innovation rich area – San Francisco bay area. The Digital Forge focuses on innovation through the reinvention of business models, products, and services. The technology employed will be both conventional (cloud, deep learning and AI, networked devices, high performance compute, commodity sensors, embedded connected devices/IoT) and forward-looking (e.g. Augmented Reality, etc.). 
 
The Smiths Digital Forge is currently seeking a Data Engineer who will be responsible for planning, executing and delivering machine learning-based projects. The bulk of the work will be in AI/machine learning modelling, data exploration and preparation, data collection and integration. The Data Engineer will implement methods to improve data reliability and quality. This includes combining raw information from different sources to create consistent and machine-readable formats. They also develop and test architectures that enable data extraction and transformation for predictive or prescriptive modeling. 
 Duties & Responsibilities 
 Develop analytical tools and programs 
 Collaborate with data scientists and architects on several projects 
 Analyze and organize raw data 
 Build data systems and pipelines 
 Interpret trends and patterns 
 Conduct complex data analysis and report on results 
 Prepare data for prescriptive and predictive modeling 
 Build algorithms and prototypes 
 Combine raw information from different sources 
 Explore ways to enhance data quality and reliability 
 Identify opportunities for data acquisition 
 Guide and inspire the organization about the business potential and strategy of artificial intelligence (AI)/data science 
 Collaborate across the business to understand business constraints 
 Conduct work on data science projects 
 Understand new data sources and process pipelines, and catalog/document them 
 Work with various databases, and other source systems such as SQL or graph databases. 
 (Help to) create data pipelines for more efficient and repeatable data science projects 
 Display drive and curiosity to understand the business process 
 Collaborate with other engineers, and IT to evaluate and implement AI/ML deployment options 
 Establish best practices around AI/ML production infrastructure 
 Upskill yourself (through conferences, publications, courses, local academia and meetups). 
 Promote collaboration with other data science teams within the organization. Encourage reuse of artifacts. 
 Diversity & Inclusion 
 We believe that different perspectives and backgrounds are what make a company flourish. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, economic status, disability, age, or any other legally protected characteristics. We are proud to be an inclusive company with values grounded in equality and ethics, where we celebrate, support, and embrace diversity. 
 The Individual 
 A bachelor’s degree in computer science, data science, operations research, statistics, applied mathematics, or a related quantitative field such as, economics, engineering and physics is Experience in more than one area is strongly preferred. 
 Candidates should have 1+ years of experience of relevant project experience in successfully launching, planning, executing of data engineering projects. Preferably in the domains of imaging systems, risk modelling, customer behavior prediction, quality assessment, and/or factory automation. 
 Must have basic coding knowledge and experience in several languages: for example, [C/C++, Python, R, Java, Javacript, MATLAB, etc.]. 
 Ideally, the candidates are adept in agile methodologies and well-versed in applying DevOps/MLOps methods to the construction of AI/ML and data science pipelines. 
 Candidates need to demonstrate that they were instrumental in launching data science projects. 
 All candidates must be self-driven, curious and creative. 
 They must demonstrate the ability to work in diverse, cross-functional teams in a dynamic business environment. 
 Should be confident, energetic self-starters, with strong moderation and communication skills. 
 About Smiths 
 At Smiths we apply leading-edge technology to design, manufacture and deliver market-leading innovative solutions that meet our customers' evolving needs, and touch the lives of millions of people every day. We are a FTSE100, global business of around 23,000 colleagues, based in 55 countries. Our solutions have a real impact on lives across the planet, enabling industry, improving healthcare, enhancing security, advancing connectivity and supporting new homes. Our products and services are often critical to our customers’ operations, while our proprietary technology and high service levels help create competitive advantage. We welcome colleagues with a curious mind, who are happy with responsibility, enjoy a challenge and are attracted by the idea of working at a business with an almost 170 year history of innovation, and five global divisions, all experts in their field. 
 About Smiths Group 
 Smiths Group plc is a global entity with 5 distinct trading Divisions. Smiths Business Information Services, commonly known as "BIS," is Smiths Group's internal IT organisation, supporting the Group's business divisions and corporate centre. Key priorities include delivery of all day to day IT services, development of new IT solutions and services and helping colleagues protect the company’s information assets. Smiths Group 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Engineer jobs in Fremont, CA Jobs at Smiths Group in Fremont, CA Data Engineer salaries in Fremont, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Smiths Group Smiths Group 5 reviews Smiths Group plc (LSE: SMIN) is a British multinational diversified engineering business headquartered in London, United Kingdom. It has ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
