
 
 
 
 Legal Counsel - Plano, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Legal Counsel Yum! Brands 640 reviews Plano, TX Yum! Brands 640 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. As the Legal Counsel you will: 
 Provide broad legal support for the overall Digital & Technology businesses, including Technology Procurement, E-Commerce and Data & Analytics product teams. Independently negotiate contracts including SaaS, IP and technology license agreements, vendor agreements and SLAs. Develop expertise in relevant legal regimes, including data privacy laws, Intellectual Property, Artificial Intelligence and trade secret protection. Ensure ongoing alignment with client teams and across Yum! brands and assist in issue-spotting and problem-solving for potential legal issues outside of immediate expertise by building strong business relationships with key internal clients, primarily on the strategy, finance, operations, and technology teams. Assist in management of intellectual property portfolio. Work closely and productively with internal clients, outside counsel and external vendors. 
 
Education: Juris Doctor Degree from an ABA accredited law school 
 
Experience and Other Relevant Skills: 
 Licensed to practice law Strong background in contract drafting and negotiation, particularly technology contracts Experience working with clients at all levels of the organization Ability to work efficiently and independently, but also collaborative with colleagues across the organization, and handle conflicts, solve problems and/or propose solutions Detail and results oriented with excellent organizational and analytical skills Ability to communicate clearly and concisely Sound judgment, critical thinking and analytical skills Ability to prioritize and perform multiple tasks and handle changing priorities successfully in a fast-paced environment 
 
 The Yum! Brands story is simple. We have the three distinctive, relevant and easy global brands – KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell - born from the hopes and dreams, ambitions and grit of passionate entrepreneurs. And we want more of this to create our future! 
 
As the world’s largest restaurant company we have a clear and compelling mission: to build the world’s most love, trusted and fastest-growing restaurant brands. The key and not-so-secret ingredient in our recipe for growth is our unrivaled talent and culture, which fuels our results. 
 
We’re looking for talented, motivated, visionary and team-oriented leaders to join us as we elevate and personalize the customer experience across our 48,000 restaurants, operating in 145 countries and territories around the world! 
 
We put pizza, chicken and tacos in the hands of customers through customized ordering, unique delivery approaches, app experiences, and click and collect services and consumer data analytics creating unique customer dining experiences – and we are only getting started. 
 
Employees may work for a single brandand potentially grow to support all company-owned brands depending on their role. Regardless of where they work, as a company opening an average of 8 restaurants a day worldwide, the growth opportunities are endless. Taco Bell has been named of the 10 Most Innovative Companies in the World by Fast Company; Pizza Hut delivers more pizzas than any other pizza company in the world and KFC’s still use its 75-year-old finger lickin’ good recipe including secret herbs and spices to hand-bread its chicken every day. 
 
Yum! and its brands have offices inChicago, IL,Louisville KY, Irvine, CA,Plano, TXand other markets around the world. We don’t just say we are a great place to work – our commitments to the world and our employees show it. Yum! has been named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index and ranked among the top 100 Best Corporate Citizens by Corporate Responsibility Magazine in addition to being named to the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index. Our employees work in an environment where the value of “believe in all people” is lived every day, enjoying benefits including but not limited to: 4 weeks’ vacation PLUS holidays, sick leave and 2 paid days to volunteer at the cause of their choice and a dollar-for-dollar matching gift program; generous parental leave; competitive benefits including medical, dental, vision and life insurance as well as a 6% 401k match – all encompassed in Yum!’s world-famous recognition culture. Yum! Brands 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Counsel jobs in Plano, TX Jobs at Yum! Brands in Plano, TX Counsel salaries in Plano, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Yum! Brands Yum! Brands 640 reviews Yum! Brands, Inc., has over 50,000 restaurants in more than 150 countries and territories, making it a leader in global retail developmen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
