
 
 
 
 VP, Structured Products - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VP, Structured Products Pagaya Investments New York, NY About Pagaya 
 
Pagaya is a financial technology company reshaping the asset management space using machine learning and big data analytics to manage institutional money. With a focus on fixed income and alternative credit, Pagaya offers a variety of discretionary funds to institutional investors including pension funds, insurance companies and banks. 
 
Pagaya’s unique technology platform — Pagaya Pulse — runs on a suite of artificial intelligence technologies and state-of-the-art algorithms to deliver a consistently high and scalable performance edge. The company was founded in 2016 by seasoned finance and technology professionals with offices in New York and Tel Aviv. 
 
The team manages over $3.2 billion in assets on behalf of institutional investors around the world. We just completed its Series D financing of over $100M led by a prominent sovereign wealth fund. 
 
Our Team 
 
Our team comprises over 200 professionals in New York and Tel Aviv with expertise in artificial intelligence, data rich alternative assets and asset management. You will be surrounded by some of the most talented, supportive, smart, and kind leaders and teams - people you can be proud to work with! 
 
Our Values 
 
 Direct:  We believe in expedient and direct communication. 
 Rapid Learner:  We’re constantly learning. 
 Collaborative:  We value collaboration and teamwork. 
 Open-minded:  We’re always open to new ideas and ways of doing things. 
 Super Power:  We all have a special super-power that makes us a unique asset to the company 
 
 Role Description 
 
The VP of Structured Products is an integral part of the Capital Markets team and will be responsible for the structuring and execution of a variety of asset backed security offerings across asset classes. 
 
Key Responsibilities 
 
 Operational management of securitization transactions and funding 
 Day to day responsibilities and assisting on securitization transactions requiring extensive interaction and coordination of lenders, legal counsel, accounting firms, rating agencies, trustees, servicers and investors. 
 Assist in the preparation, and evaluation of securitization documents. Including all legal and structural matters in conjunction with internal and external legal and the trading desk. 
 Manage existing client relationships and deal teams. 
 Support securitization reporting, waterfall review, and P&L review 
 Interface with various external securitization deal parties including sell-side firms, buy-side accounts, and rating agencies, among others 
 Compliance testing and calculations 
 Vendor and Partner management (review reports and data, document issues, due diligence) 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 5+ years of experience in fixed income structured products 
 Proven experience in the preparation and presentation of summary. And roadshow materials specific to CRE securitizations for rating agencies and investors across both fixed and floating rate multi-borrower transactions, single asset and large loan transactions and agented third party deals. 
 Finance, accounting, economics, or business major 
 Experience analyzing large data sets 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Generous paid time off policy 
 Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance 
 Discretionary bonuses 
 When onsite: Unlimited snacks and beverages 
 Covid-compliant and remote-friendly work environment 
 A diverse and inclusive culture Pagaya Investments 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President of Product Management jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Pagaya Investments in New York, NY Vice President of Product Management salaries in New York, NY Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
