
 
 
 
 Stock Plan Administrator - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Stock Plan Administrator HeartFlow, Inc. Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description HeartFlow has a challenging and exciting opportunity for a Stock Administrator! While this role reports to the General Counsel, you will work closely with our outside broker service provider, payroll & finance, and people operations teams as well as manage the relationship with our outside legal firm. This is a very hands-on role involving responsibilities for all aspects of the stock administration and equity management function. This position can be performed from anywhere in the US. 
This person must have operational experience in understanding what it takes to implement and manage equity programs globally – including periodic reporting and potential tax and compensation issues. You will help to deliver a best in class stock program to our employees, help our employees understand the value of their awards so that they can focus on what’s important – their work and impact to the company.
 Job Responsibilities: 
Help develop Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), Restricted Stock Awards (RSAs) and ESPP programs. 
Lead efforts to streamline work streams to enable efficient, accurate and timely processing of equity award data. 
Maintain company’s equity data using E*TRADE Equity Edge Online (EEO). 
Manage custom reports within EEO and Excel, and perform complex reconciliations to review accuracy of equity and transaction data. 
Manage daily and cyclical stock administration processes for grants, stock option exercises, modifications, terminations and leaves including all necessary reporting requirements to brokers, transfer agent (when applicable) and payroll teams. 
Prepare presentations for Board of Directors approval of grants, including ISO/NSOs slips when needed. 
Understand and have working knowledge and experience in application of accounting rules associated with stock-based compensation (ASC-718). 
Ensure the proper taxation is applied to all equity transactions. 
Manage the relationship and work closely with outside service providers, such as our equity systems vendor, transfer agent, and broker service providers (when applicable). 
Support employee understanding of equity awards programs and policies through conducting educational webinars, presentations and creating employee communication materials. 
Respond to employee inquiries regarding their equity. 
Prepare and timely file all SEC required Forms 3, 4 and 5 for Section 16 Officers (when applicable). 
Prepare monthly reconciliations of option grants, exercises and cancellations and manage the share cap table. 
Maintain SOX Compliance and assist with quarterly testing/audits by internal and external teams. 
Provide support for other ad hoc analyses and projects as assigned by management. 
Assist with other compensation related projects, including annual total rewards processes, special incentives plans and market related activities. 
 Skills Needed: 
This position requires access to confidential employee information as well as confidential company policies and other company information. As a result, this position requires extreme care and diligence to comply with all employment, privacy and other applicable laws and regulations. This position requires that all such information is kept strictly confidential, both within and outside the company. 
Strong working knowledge of stock equity plans and services in a multinational public company. 
Extensive skills and experience in working on and maintaining data integrity in Equity Edge On-Line (EEO). 
Ability to exercise discretion and maintain strict confidentiality to respect privacy of employees. 
A collaborative team player, able to partner with internal and external contacts at all levels. 
Strong customer service focus and flexibility. 
Exceptional written communication and presentation skills and proven ability to effectively communicate complex stock plan matters to all employee levels through company-wide communications. 
Strong analytical and organizational skills. 
Excellent business judgment, strategic thinking, and ability to manage multiple matters. 
 Work Experience & Education Requirements: 
8+ years of directly relevant experience demonstrating increasing levels of responsibility in global stock plan administration including in a public company environment. 
Certified Equity Professional (CEP) designation or working towards the designation preferred. 
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience with an emphasis in finance or accounting strongly preferred. 
Familiarity with EEO and ETrade a plus. 
Experience with U.S. federal and state taxation relating to equity compensation and general knowledge of global taxation of equity compensation. 
Experience with IPO, public companies preferred. 
Exceptional analytical skills and strong Excel skills (Pivot Tables, vlookups, etc.). 
 About HeartFlow, Inc. 
HeartFlow, Inc. is a medical technology company redefining the way heart disease is diagnosed and treated. Our non-invasive HeartFlow FFRct Analysis leverages deep learning to create a personalized 3D model of the heart. By using this model, clinicians can better evaluate the impact a blockage has on blood flow and determine the best treatment for patients. Our technology is reflective of our Silicon Valley roots and incorporates decades of scientific evidence with the latest advances in artificial intelligence. The HeartFlow FFRct Analysis is commercially available in the United States, Canada, Europe and Japan. For more information, visit www.heartflow.com. 
HeartFlow, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to a work environment that supports, inspires, and respects all individuals and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local law. This policy applies to every aspect of employment at HeartFlow, including recruitment, hiring, training, relocation, promotion, and termination. 
Positions posted for HeartFlow are not intended for or open to third party recruiters / agencies. Submission of any unsolicited resumes for these positions will be considered to be free referrals. HeartFlow, Inc. 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Stocker jobs in Remote Jobs at HeartFlow in Remote Stocker salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from HeartFlow, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
