
 
 
 
 Head of Digital Innovation - Houston, TX 77056 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Head of Digital Innovation Westlake Chemical 129 reviews Houston, TX 77056 Westlake Chemical 129 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Westlake Chemical offers you the potential to enrich your work life and career experience in an entrepreneurial environment. We work together to enhance peoples' lives through our products and presence in the communities in which we operate. Westlake Chemical is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any characteristics protected by applicable legislation. 
 
If you are an active Westlake Chemical employee (or an employee of any Westlake Chemical affiliates), please do not apply here. Please go to your Workday homepage and click on the "Careers" worklet and view "Westlake Career Opportunities". 
SUMMARY 
Westlake Chemical Corporation is creating a Digital Innovation Organization as a part of its initiative to accelerate digitization across the enterprise. The Head of Digital Innovation will be responsible for the Digital Innovation Organization. 
By Digital or Digitization, Westlake means a combination of technologies, tools, methods, approaches etc. that will enable Westlake to re-architect business processes and business models to achieve superior financial returns or meet the organizations strategic objectives in areas such as safety, sustainability etc. Digital technologies may include, but not limited to, Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning/Data Science, Robotics, IoT, Big Data, Blockchain, Augmented Reality/Virtual Reality, Social Media/Collaboration, Mobility etc. 
As the leader of the Digital Innovation Organization, the Head of Digital Innovation is responsible for the performance and development of the organization. The Head of Digital Innovation is also responsible for building up Digital teams in business and functional organizations, for the delivery of Digital initiatives prioritized by the Digital Council, for facilitating the architecture of Digitalized business processes and business models and for developing Digital capabilities, literacy, awareness and fitness in the organization. The success of the Digitization program is dependent of cross-functional collaborations across the enterprise. Therefore, the Head of Digital Innovation will also be required to build collaborations and networks with the users/consumers of digital technologies in business and functional organizations and with enablers of digital technologies such as Information Technology, Information Systems, Continuous Improvement, Communications, Change Management departments. 
DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
May include, but are not limited to, the following: 
Developing a multi-year plan for starting-up, ramping-up and scaling-up the Digital Innovation Organization. Including the roles, responsibilities, and skills required for such an organization. 
Developing the charter for the organization including the mission, vision, strategic objectives and plans. 
Managing the performance of the team. Identifying development needs and a plan to develop the skills of the organization to meet evolving needs. 
Developing a team of Digital Innovation Liaisons and Analysts in the Business and Functional organizations. 
Developing a vision and a strategic roadmap for the Digitization Program and align the vision and strategic roadmap with key stakeholders including the Digitization Steering Committee. The strategic roadmap may include (but not limited to): 
strategies to prioritize and evaluate digital initiatives 
strategies to accelerate time to value in collaboration with Director - Digital Innovation Technology Enablement 
strategies to scan technology landscape for relevant technologies in collaboration with Director - Digital Innovation Technology Enablement 
strategies to start-up, ramp-up and scale-up technologies such as AI/ML/Data Science, Robotics, Hyperautomation, IoT, Big Data, Blockchain etc. in collaboration with Director - Digital Innovation Technology Enablement 
strategies to enhance cross-functional collaboration 
Monitoring and reporting the progress of Digital Initiatives prioritized by the Digital Council 
Delivering and executing Digital Initiatives under the responsibility of the Digital Innovation Organization technologies in collaboration with Director - Digital Innovation Technology Enablement. These initiatives may include initiatives to develop Enterprise Digital Infrastructure or initiatives such as Digital Challenges, datathons, bot-o-thons etc. 
Developing staffing strategies including outsourcing strategies in collaboration with Director - Digital Innovation Technology Enablement. 
Developing Digital Project Management methodologies and project standards in collaboration with Director - Digital Innovation Technology Enablement. The methodologies may include Agile methodologies, Design Thinking etc. 
Provisioning resources and expertise for digital initiatives across the enterprise. Including validating the quality of digital initiatives. 
Coordinating and collaborating with Information Systems, Information Technology, Continuous Improvement and Change Management functions to deliver Digital initiatives. 
Create and execute playbooks to train, validate and maintain digital technologies in collaboration with Director - Digital Innovation Technology Enablement. 
Facilitating the architecture of digitalized business process and business models in collaboration with business organizations and functional departments. This may include (but not limited to): “no touch” customer orders, supply chain control towers, digital twins etc. 
Developing strategies and playbooks to develop digital capabilities and fitness in the enterprise in collaboration with Director- Digital Innovation Technology Enablement. This may include, (but not limited to): 
enterprise data and data science literacy including developing citizen data scientists 
digital tools and technologies fitness including developing education programs 
Executing digital, data and data science literacy and education programs 
Developing new and innovative ways to develop the digital footprint in the enterprise 
Developing and executing strategies and playbooks to communicate strategy, vision, progresses, successes and awareness to various stakeholders and the enterprise 
Comply with all Company policies and procedures. 
EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS 
20+ years of industry experience 
3+ years of experience leading digital transformation 
5+ years of experience in leading or executing one or more digital technologies 
Masters in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics Economics, Data Science or similar fields preferred. 
MBA preferred 
Proven record of leading Digital Transformation in a Fortune 500 Company. 
Background in Manufacturing (process industry preferred) 
Background in a reputed Consulting Company preferred 
Knowledge of technology landscape in a broad range of digital technologies including: AI/ML/Data Science, Big Data, Robotics, IoT etc. 
Experienced in developing, coordinating and executing digital strategies 
High skill level of digital technologies 
Proven record of developing enterprise digital capabilities (including Center of Excellence organizations) 
Proven record of managing matrix organizations and managing collaborative teams across the organization 
Demonstrable ability to communicate and align with stakeholders and executives across the organization including: Board of Directors, C-level Executives, Business VPs, Functional heads, Business Directors, Plant Directors/VPs, Technology leaders etc. 
Proven record of leading change and transformation. 
Proficient with NPV & EVA calculations and build vs buy analysis, strong understanding of on how to bring value to an organization. 
PHYSICAL DEMANDS 
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit; stand; walk; use hands to touch, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stoop, kneel, or crouch. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus. 
WORK ENVIRONMENT 
The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate as normally based in an office. Some of the work may be required in the operating units which can require usage of required PPE including safety glasses, hearing protection, etc. May also result in exposure to outside elements and may require usage of stairs and elevators. Travel including air travel or auto travel may occasionally be required. 
Westlake Chemical is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any characteristics protected by applicable legislation. 
 
If you are an active Westlake Chemical employee (or an employee of any Westlake Chemical affiliates), please do not apply here. Please go to your Workday homepage and click on the "Careers" worklet and view "Westlake Career Opportunities". Westlake Chemical 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Head of Digital jobs in Houston, TX Jobs at Westlake Chemical in Houston, TX Head of Digital salaries in Houston, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Westlake Chemical Westlake Chemical 129 reviews Westlake makes chemical and plastic products, which in turn make life better for people every day. We are a quality manufacturer and depe... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
