
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Specialist- Worldwide Public Sector - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Specialist- Worldwide Public Sector Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,005 reviews San Francisco, CA Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,005 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description . 10 years or more of relevant technical leadership, product management, business development, in and around information technologies.
 . 3 years or more of experience in AI/ML (e.g., product management, business development, technical marketing, etc.).
 . 1 or more years of experience with public cloud computing services.
 
 Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering or related technical degree. 
 
Specialist – Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning, WWPS
 
Do you have broad and deep experience in both the business and technical aspects of cloud computing, especially in artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML)? Do you have rich experience understanding and influencing compute technology choices and building programs to remove obstacles to adoption with public sector customers (governments, educational institutions, non-profits)? Can you help business leaders and technologists adopt new cloud services? Can you envision a future where smarter machines solve complex business problems?
 
Amazon Web Services, the world’s leading provider of cloud computing services, is looking for a Technical Business Development Manager to join the Worldwide Public Sector (WWPS) technical team focusing on Amazon artificial intelligence and machine learning (SageMaker, Lex, Polly, Rekognition, Translate, Transcribe, Comprehend). Working side by side with sales and technical leaders, you will be responsible for helping customers create new services, new capabilities, and decrease cost by adopting Amazon AI and ML services.
 
The ideal candidate will possess technical expertise in AI and ML, along with a diverse technical, IT management, and/or engineering background, as well as knowledge of cloud computing, industry trends, and product developments. This role requires a strong passion for working with customers and partners, a high level of comfort navigating ambiguity, and attention to detail. Travel for face-to-face customer engagements, internal conferences, and industry events.
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Build a strong understanding of AI/ML technology and related industry developments, including Amazon services such as SageMaker, Lex, Polly, Rekognition, Translate, Transcribe, Comprehend. 
 Communicate internally and externally about Amazon AI/ML approach, value proposition, and offerings. Help field teams understand AI/ML services and help customers successfully adopt them. 
 Understand and uncover customers’ challenges in adopting AI/ML, and show how AWS solutions can help them provide new services, new capabilities, and new efficiencies. 
 Work with partners, internal teams, and customers to determine best use-cases, deployment, and adoption of AI/ML and related technologies, etc. 
 Work closely with global WWPS account teams and sales and technical leadership to build programs that accelerate adoption of AI/ML, including generating technical content and white papers. 
 Define and deploy AI/ML campaigns and work with sales and field teams to implement them. 
 Identify and remove obstacles that block adoption of AI/ML and related workloads. 
 All of the above plus… 
 
. Deep and broad experience with cloud computing and distributed systems.
 . In-depth experience in AI/ML technology, market dynamics, and customer requirements.
 
 Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges. 
 
. Demonstrated ability to build and scale programs that remove blockers to customer adoption and accelerate adoption.
 
 Must enjoy working in a collaborative, fast paced environment, and have outstanding teamwork skills. 
 Must have a passion for innovation, be comfortable defining a way forward in the face of ambiguity, and have the ability to scale and influence broadly. 
 Strong organizational, presentation, and writing skills. 
 Masters degree or PhD in relevant business, computer science, or engineering disciplines. 
 
. Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
 
. Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity
 
WWPS
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Intelligence Specialist jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Amazon Web Services in San Francisco, CA Intelligence Specialist salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,005 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
