
 
 
 
 Software Engineering Manager - Irvine, CA 92617 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineering Manager Intel 5,432 reviews Irvine, CA 92617 Intel 5,432 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
Smart Edge provides software that enables secure nodes at the very edge of enterprise networks. We make software workloads available one hop from actual users providing immediate responses across a variety of devices and connection types. 
We are looking for a technically talented and self-driven software engineering manager to lead a team of developers building Edge centric technologies. 
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: 
Set priorities for the team, get results across boundaries, ensure an inclusive work environment. 
Develop employees and manage performance. 
Foster strong engineering culture, set clear expectations, and create a positive environment. 
Manage a team of software professionals and technical consultants who are responsible for delivering results over many areas of the software lifecycle: design, developing, debugging, validating, and optimization, customer engagement and product support. 
May also be required to provide architectural and technical guidance and ensure that sound engineering practices are followed. 
Provides direction and goals to the group and interacts with stakeholders both internal and external. 
Perform code reviews and design sessions, perform analysis of code components, code coverage, and end-to-end quality. 
Soft Skills: 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. 
Qualifications 
Education: Bachelor’s degree. 
Minimum Required Qualifications: 
6+ years of experience in the following areas:  Managing software engineering teams.  People management and mentorship while balancing technical leadership and business judgement.  Software development experience with Golang (preferred), Java, or other high-level programming languages.  Cloud-native and hosted microservices.  Designing, building, and delivering networking software. 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Center Group (DCG) is at the heart of Intel’s transformation from a PC company to a company that runs the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. The data center is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Other Locations 
 
US, California, San Diego 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineering Manager jobs in Irvine, CA Jobs at Intel in Irvine, CA Software Engineering Manager salaries in Irvine, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,432 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
