
 
 
 
 Associate, Data Scientist - Los Angeles, CA 90071 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate, Data Scientist KPMG 6,857 reviews Los Angeles, CA 90071 KPMG 6,857 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Historically, the travel requirement for this position has ranged from 80-100%. The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities, and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. For now, all KPMG business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. At some point in the future and with the safety of people as the critical factor, the travel requirement will likely increase, possibly to previous levels, but KPMG is committed to balancing client requirements with new delivery capabilities. 
Innovate. Collaborate. Build. Create. Solve. The KPMG Digital Lighthouse is KPMG's award-winning Analytics & AI Center of Excellence recognized by clients and leading analyst firms in the US and globally. The KPMG Lighthouse is a curation of specialized technical capabilities and domain experts working across the digital landscape: applied data science, AI, data engineering and insights, software engineering, automation, and big data. Here, you'll work with a diverse team of professionals to explore and build solutions for clients in a multiplatform environment. 
You'll be an important part of our high-energy, unique, fast-paced, and innovative culture that delivers with the agility of a tech startup and the backing of a leading global consulting firm. In this particular role, you'll work specifically in the AI Analytics & Engineering Community within the Digital Lighthouse, on a wide range of projects. From applied AI to optimization to big data platform engineering, your analytical and technical skills will drive real impact in the business world. At KPMG, our commitment to your career development helps to set us apart as an employer. We want to enhance your potential, both for yourself and as a contributor to our firm. That's why we provide every opportunity to expand your skills, knowledge and experiences through formal education and training programs, leadership development opportunities, and, as well as informal one-on-one coaching and mentoring from your KPMG colleagues. 
KPMG is currently seeking an Associate to join our KPMG Lighthouse - Center of Excellence for Advanced Analytics. 
 Responsibilities: 
Translate advanced business analytics problems into technical approaches that yield actionable recommendations, in diverse domains (risk management, product development, marketing research, supply chain, and public policy) 
Work in multi-disciplinary and cross-functional teams to translate business requirements into artificial intelligence goals and modeling approaches; rapidly iterate models and results to refine and validate approach 
Work in a fast-paced and dynamic environment with both virtual and face-to-face interactions; Utilize structured approaches to solving problems, managing risks, and documenting assumptions while communicating results and educating others through insightful visualizations, reports, and presentations 
Deliver on engagement milestones by following analytics processes to mitigate risks in data, modeling, validation, and delivery; manage assumptions, and risks, and work with others to clear issues 
Build ingestion processes to prepare, extract, and enrich a variety of structured and unstructured data sources such as social media, news, internal/external documents, images, video, voice, emails, financial data, and operational data; Perform exploratory data analysis, generate and test working hypotheses, and uncover interesting trends and relationships 
Analyze and model structured data and implement algorithms to support analysis using advanced statistical and mathematical methods from statistics, machine learning, data mining, econometrics, and operations research 
Qualifications: 
Minimum of two years of experience working in teams of data & analytics professionals to deliver on business-driven analytics projects using natural language processing, machine learning on unstructured data, and/or information retrieval; Excellent problem-solving skills, verbal/written communication, and ability to explain technical concepts to business audience 
Master’s Degree or PhD from an accredited college/university in Computer Science, Engineering, or related fields 
Ability to apply artificial intelligence techniques to achieve concrete business goals while working with the business to understand available resources and constraints around data (sources, integrity, and definitions), processing platforms, and security; Provide assistance and resolve problems 
Solid experience performing data science from data discovery, cleaning, model selection, validation, and deployment; experience coding artificial intelligence methods using object-oriented programming in a software development process, and ability to restructure, refactor, and optimize code for efficiency 
Ability to utilize a diverse array of technologies and tools as needed, to deliver insights, such as R, Python, Spark, Hadoop and emerging Cloud Capabilities on Azure, GCP and/or AWS; Experience with command-line scripting, data structures, and algorithms; Ability to work in a Linux environment 
Ability to travel up to eighty percent of the time; Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the future 
KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer. KPMG complies with all applicable federal, state and local laws regarding recruitment and hiring. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. The attached link contains further information regarding the firm's compliance with federal, state and local recruitment and hiring laws. No phone calls or agencies please. KPMG 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at KPMG in Los Angeles, CA Data Scientist salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from KPMG KPMG 6,857 reviews KPMG is one of the world’s leading professional services firms, providing innovative business solutions and audit, tax, and advisory serv... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
