
 
 
 
 Start Intern - Summer 2021 - Hallandale Beach, FL 33009 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Start Intern - Summer 2021 PRICE WATERHOUSE COOPERS 7,996 reviews Hallandale Beach, FL 33009 PRICE WATERHOUSE COOPERS 7,996 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description At certain point of your studies you are making decisions about your future career considering all kinds of information, listening to friends and close people, but there is nothing like your own experience. An internship at PwC not only offers an opportunity to build your skills and confidence, but also to work on projects that give you insight into who we are and what we do whether for our clients, the economy, or the wider community. Working alongside specialists in your chosen business area, you'll be a valued member of the team, with graduate level responsibility. You'll be assigned to projects to develop your understanding of what we really do and you'll build networks with your colleagues and peer groups. Whichever business area you choose, we're sure you'll find this a worthwhile investment of your time. Be it the people; the networks; or the social events, you'll be surprised at the skills you'll develop and how much you'll learn. Opportunity is at the heart of a career at PwC and our Internship offers just that. 
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future. 
As an Intern / Trainee, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to: 
Be curious and try new things. 
Learn about how PwC works as a business and adds value to clients. 
Think broadly and ask questions about data, facts and other information. 
Support research, analysis and problem solving using a variety of tools and techniques. 
Produce high quality work which adheres to the relevant professional standards. 
Keep up-to-date with technical developments for area of specialism. 
Handle, manipulate and analyse data and information responsibly. 
Communicate confidently in a clear, concise and articulate manner - verbally and in materials produced. 
Embrace different points of view and welcome opposing and conflicting ideas. 
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct. 
PwC’s Start interns support internal firm functions, meaning our “clients” are internal PwC professionals. Start Interns are expected to: 
Support select projects; demonstrate creative thinking and individual initiative while working as a team member; build solid relationships with team members; 
Proactively seek guidance, clarification and feedback; and, 
Demonstrate flexibility with task completion and prioritization, communicating potential conflicts to a supervisor. 
 
Job Requirements and Preferences : 
 
 Basic Qualifications : 
 
 Minimum Degree Required : 
High School Diploma 
 
 Additional Educational Requirements : 
Other: 
To be eligible for the Start Internship, students must self-identify as a member of either traditionally underrepresented racial and ethnic minority groups within the professional services industry (Black or African-American, Hispanic or Latino, American Indian or Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, or two or more races), a Protected Veteran, and/or an individual with a disability. 
Minimum Years of Experience : 
0 year(s) 
 
 Preferred Qualifications : 
 
 Degree Preferred : 
Bachelor Degree 
 
 Preferred Fields of Study : 
Accounting, Accounting & Technology, Accounting & Finance, Actuarial Science, Computer and Information Science, Computer and Information Science & Accounting, Computer Engineering & Accounting, Economics, Economics and Finance, Economics and Finance & Technology, Finance, Finance & Technology, Information Technology & Accounting, Management Information Systems & Accounting, Management Information Systems, Management of Technology, Analytics, Artificial Intelligence and Robotics, Business Analytics, Data Processing/Analytics/Science, Computer Engineering, Computer Management, Computer Programming, Computer Systems Analysis, Computer Systems Analysis & Accounting, Engineering, Information CyberSecurity, Information CyberSecurity & Accounting, Information Technology, Physics, Software App, Statistics, Systems Engineering, Systems Engineering & Accounting, Technical Writing, Business Administration/Management, Mathematics 
 
 Additional Educational Preferences : 
Preferred cumulative GPA: 3.3 
Preferred major GPA: 3.3 
To be eligible for the Start Internship, students must be in their sophomore or junior year of college, pursuing a Bachelor Degree. 
Certification(s) Preferred : 
For those students interested in pursuing an Assurance or Tax opportunity in the future, a commitment to satisfy all of the minimum requirements for CPA licensure per respective state regulations. 
 
Preferred Knowledge/Skills : 
Demonstrates a proven desire to pursue a career in professional services, as well as some proven abilities and record of success in the following areas: 
Leveraging creative problem-solving skills and prioritizing and handling multiple tasks; 
Interacting and communicating with various levels of business professionals, with an attention toward business-related communications and grammar in both written and oral formats; and, 
Exhibiting abilities to self-motivate and take responsibility for personal growth and development. 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. 
 
For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. 
 
For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoifsintern. PwC 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Summer Intern jobs in Hallandale Beach, FL Jobs at PRICE WATERHOUSE COOPERS in Hallandale Beach, FL Summer Intern salaries in Hallandale Beach, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from PRICE WATERHOUSE COOPERS PRICE WATERHOUSE COOPERS 7,996 reviews Together we can create change. Together we can make an impact. And the only way we can tackle the challenges of a fast-changing world is ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
