
 
 
 
 Operations and Program Mgmt - Director - San Rafael, CA 94903 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Operations and Program Mgmt - Director FICO 166 reviews San Rafael, CA 94903 FICO 166 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description FICO (NYSE: FICO)  is a leading global analytics software company, helping businesses in 90+ countries make better decisions. Join our world-class team today and fulfill your career potential!
 Job Summary
 **Position location flexible in the US or Canada to include remote**
 
In this leadership role, you will both lead and contribute to the definition, delivery, and operation of Product Technology & Services Organization (PTSO) Policies and Programs and execution of cross-FICO initiatives. You will be accountable for alignment of FICO resources and technology towards enabling PTSO to fulfill obligations with respect to executing corporate strategy.
 Job Description
 What you’ll contribute
 Define and govern policies and standards and associated tools and systems across all PTSO functions including policy definition, introduction, and enforcement; process definition, roll-out and improvement; tools evaluation, deployment, and usage; and program & project management standards.
 Drive alignment and coordinate with teams across FICO departments (Finance, Legal, Sales & Marketing) to ensure a cohesive and effective FICO operating model.
 Educate colleagues on the critical operating success factors and continue to reinforce and insert them in regard to new products and processes.
 Support other PTSO Operations team functions in executing programs related to the following areas:
 Product lifecycle, including new product evaluation/introduction, launch, Platform migration, end-of-life
 Development methodologies and standards
 Budget management, investment & capacity planning and measurement, cost control
 Partner and vendor value management, client, and engagement value assessment
 Communication, enablement, and engagement
 What we’re seeking
 Proven program and project management experience to include detailed planning and execution across large and geographically dispersed teams. Able to engage all participants across multiple departments and meet deadlines and deliverables. Strong prioritization skills and ability to convey those priorities in a way that brings alignment across teams.
 Proven success leading the introduction of multiple policy and operations changes into multi-departmental organizations encompassing both technology and business.
 Experience motivating disparate teams towards a common goal and diffusing conflict diplomatically and firmly.
 Senior executive/board level experience in reporting implementation and operational status of change management programs
 Deep familiarity with how SaaS software vendor operations and supporting systems work and what the key metrics are by which software companies measure the performance of their business.
 High-level understanding of agile and waterfall software development methodologies coupled with a working knowledge of web services and standards.
 High-level understanding of Product Management processes across the entire product lifecycle from evaluation to end-of-life
 Bachelor’s degree in business, technology or software engineering required, with an MBA or equivalent experience preferred. PMP or other Project/Program management certifications a plus.
 Why Make a Move to FICO?
 At FICO, you can develop your career with a leading organization in one of the fastest-growing fields in technology today – Big Data analytics. You’ll play a part in our commitment to help businesses use data to improve every choice they make, using advances in artificial intelligence, machine learning, predictive and prescriptive modeling, and much more.
 FICO makes a real difference in the way businesses operate worldwide:
 Credit Scoring — 150+ billion FICO Scores have been sold to date, making it the most used credit score in the world.
 Fraud Detection and Security — 2.6+ billion payment cards globally are protected by FICO fraud systems.
 Lending — 3/4 of US mortgages are approved using the FICO Score.
 Anti-Money Laundering — our solutions check more than half a billion transactions a day to prevent criminal schemes such as terrorist financing
 Global trends toward digital transformation have created tremendous demand for FICO’s solutions, placing us among the world’s top 100 software companies by revenue. We support many of the world’s largest banks, insurers, retailers, telecommunications providers and other firms reach a new level of success.
 Our success is dependent on really talented people – just like  you  – who thrive on the collaboration and innovation that’s nurtured by a diverse and inclusive environment. We’ll provide the support you need, while ensuring you have the freedom to develop your skills and grow your career. Join FICO and help change the way business thinks!
 Learn more about how you can fulfill your potential at www.fico.com/Careers
 FICO values the benefit that diversity and a culture of inclusion bring to our workplace. We are an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and we’re proud to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants without regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. FICO 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Program Director jobs in San Rafael, CA Jobs at FICO in San Rafael, CA Program Director salaries in San Rafael, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from FICO FICO 166 reviews At FICO, you can advance your career within one of the fastest-growing fields in technology today - analytics. With our industry leading ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
