
 
 
 
 Design Researcher - Plantation, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Design Researcher Motorola Solutions 2,950 reviews Plantation, FL Motorola Solutions 2,950 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description If you are a current Motorola Solutions employee, please click this link to apply through your Workday account.
 Company Overview
 At Motorola Solutions, we create technologies our customers refer to as their lifeline. Our technology platforms in communications, software, video and services help our customers work safely and more efficiently. Whether it’s helping firefighters see through smoke, enabling police officers to see around street corners, or reliably keeping the lights on in homes and businesses around the world, our work supports those who put their lives on the line to keep us safe. Bring your passion, potential and talents to Motorola Solutions, and help us usher in a new era in public safety and security. 
 
 Department Overview
 The Chief Technology Office is the innovation engine for Motorola Solutions. We are user-focused and outcome-driven, identifying problems and creating solutions based on research and engagement with our customers.
 
 
The CTO’s cross-functional Innovation Design team consists of Industrial Design, UI/UX, Design Research, and Human Factors practitioners who design for diverse and challenging markets. Each of these core capabilities contributes within a user-centered design process to leverage our advanced wireless communications, cloud & mobile applications, video, analytics, and artificial intelligence (AI) technologies to envision a new generation of life-changing – and life-saving – products, applications and services.
 
 Job Description
 Job Description
 Do you have a passion for  really  understanding why our users work as they do and how they get their jobs done? Do you want to uncover ways to make them safer and more effective in what can be challenging work environments? If so, you’ve come to the right place.
 As a Design Researcher, you will be part of a community of researchers and designers tasked with overcoming complicated user challenges, transforming them into meaningful and critical experiences. You should already have a strong foundation in qualitative and quantitative research methods and a demonstrated ability to observe users and evaluate system performance across a range of roles, tasks and environmental conditions. You will work with a small, distributed and highly collaborative team to investigate user needs, behavior and workflows, and use research insights to help envision new design solutions that demonstrate sound physical, cognitive and social human factors practices.
 ***Must include portfolio, personal website, or work samples demonstrating user-centered research experience to be considered for the position***
 
 
 Scope of responsibilities:
 Design and plan a full range of exploratory and evaluative user research projects that help define innovative products, applications and services, including responsibility for research execution on individually assigned projects.
 Develop user profiles & personas, workflows & scenarios and documentation of best practices to accommodate human physical, cognitive and social constraints within appropriate environmental, cultural and organizational contexts.
 Contribute to the development and implementation of design concepts, providing guidance on user interface design considerations, with emphasis on wearable products, display issues, visual interaction, physical manipulation and task and objective analyses.
 Develop and apply rigorous design and usability processes in the investigation of technical problems.
 Advocate for user research best practices and demonstrate research value through discovery of end user needs and contributions through design thinking exercises.
 Effectively communicate research insights through a variety of methods, from rich narrative through measurable design requirements and specifications, contributing to organizational knowledge and improving end user experiences.
 Desired Skills/Experience:
 Demonstrated experience planning and executing short- and long-term research projects addressing complex user problems.
 Demonstrated written and verbal communications skills, including techniques to present research findings, and communication and persuade through rich user stories.
 Soft Skills:
 Exceptional interpersonal skills, demonstrating strong empathy and a passion for understanding user needs.
 Ability to collaborate effectively and work with the full range of user experience design professions as well as product management and software development.
 A rich appreciation for culture and end user work practices should complement your strong knowledge base in research and design.
 Technical Skills:
 Experience with prototyping tools such as Axure, InVision or Omniture, as well as editing and animation tools such as Animate, Premier, or After Effects are a plus. 
 
 Basic Requirements
 Must hold a Bachelor’s Degree in HCI/MMI, UX Design, Experimental Psychology, Engineering Psychology, Cognitive Science, Industrial Design, Anthropology, Sociology, or other user research related discipline.
 Bachelor's degree with 2+ years of experience, or a Master's degree 
 
 Travel Requirements
 10-25%
 
 Relocation Provided
 None
 
 Position Type
 New Grad
 
 Referral Payment Plan
 Yes 
 
 
 EEO Statement
 Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran's status, or, any other protected characteristic. Motorola Solutions 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job User Experience Researcher jobs in Plantation, FL Jobs at Motorola Solutions in Plantation, FL User Experience Researcher salaries in Plantation, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Motorola Solutions Motorola Solutions 2,950 reviews Motorola Solutions (NYSE: MSI) is a global leader in mission-critical communications and analytics. Our technology platforms in mission-c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
