
 
 
 
 Applied Scientist - Mountain View, CA 94043 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Applied Scientist Microsoft 7,110 reviews Mountain View, CA 94043 Microsoft 7,110 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Come join the PowerPoint Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning team as we deliver AI-driven intelligence experiences that will delight millions of PowerPoint 365 customers.The team is located in heart of Silicon Valley in Sunnyvale, CA. The PowerPoint AI/ML team has the responsibility for the design, implementation, integration, and testing of multimodal ML models and components that power the intelligence services behind PowerPoint Designer, Presenter Coach, and PowerPoint Live. 
Responsibilities 
You will get the opportunity of working in a fast-paced environment developing algorithms and techniques leveraging text, speech, images, and video for analyzing content from users of Designer, Coach, and Live to build solutions that have the potential to transform people’s lives. From fast evolving new intelligence features to long-range strategic investments, you will get the chance to ship world-class software to our enormous customer base. You will be surrounded by extremely talented and helpful colleagues and a great management team with lots of experience to learn from who are all deeply invested in helping you move your career forward. 
With services and our web platform, the teamenjoys the benefits of rich telemetry, data driven decisions, rapidly shipping at a daily cadence and building on top of the Azure platform. Our products and portfolio are rapidly expanding, and we are excited to meet the challenges of scale, performance, efficiency, and reliability as we build the world's best storytelling software. 
Qualifications 
MS/ Ph.D. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related disciplines. 
2+ years' of experience with relevant projects in Natural Language Processing, Computational Linguistics, Speech Recognition, or Computer Vision. 
Fluency in C++/C# and Python preferred. 
Experience with statistical modeling and deep learning especially with frameworks such as PyTorch, Tensorflow or Keras. 
Effective communication skills and ability to work cross-group and across disciplines. 
Excellent skills in design, debugging and problem solving. 
Passion for customers, innovation, product quality, service excellence and test engineering. 
Experience in shipping high-quality products or services at-scale is a plus. 
#OXO 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Microsoft in Mountain View, CA Scientist salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,110 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
