
 
 
 
 Java Developer - Sunnyvale, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Java Developer Infogain 185 reviews Sunnyvale, CA Infogain 185 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Infogain is seeking Java Developer who will join a hands-on development team for our customer that fosters creativity and generates novel solutions to deliver engineering excellence where dynamic, people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm. 
 
You will interact with many other group’s internal team to deliver best-in-class products in an exciting fast-paced environment. 
 
 CANDIDATE PROFILE 
 
Strong programming expertise in Core Java, Multi-threading and SQL Server 
Experience in implementing solutions that handle high availability and concurrency with low latency requirements. 
Should have excellent debugging skills 
Undertake performance improvements via GC analysis, JVM tuning, code reviews etc. 
Hands on experience publishing and consuming web services - REST/SOAP is a plus 
Experience with relational databases such as Oracle. This would include schema design, writing DML queries and performance tuning queries is a plus 
Excellent organizational, verbal, written communication, and interpersonal skills with a high degree of attention to detail 
A high work ethic and a desire to learn new skills, develop additional expertise and improve personally 
Bachelors degree in STEM or related field is preferred 
 
ABOUT THE COMPANY 
 
Infogain is a Silicon Valley headquartered company with software platform engineering and deep domain expertise in travel, retail, insurance and high technology. We accelerate the delivery of digital customer engagement systems using digital technologies such as cloud, microservices, robotic process automation and artificial intelligence to our clients. 
 
Our unique engagement approach of Listen-Curate-Deliver helps to accelerate the innovation journey of 5 of the world s largest 50 companies and 24 of the Fortune 500, with several relationships of over 10 years. 
We deliver positive business outcomes using rapid prototyping and a solid foundation of DevOps-based software platform engineering that ensure high-quality and on-time delivery. 
 
Our 4,000 global employees across the US, UK, Singapore, Middle East and India focus on client value creation, delivery excellence and innovation. Infogain 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Java Developer jobs in Sunnyvale, CA Jobs at Infogain in Sunnyvale, CA Java Developer salaries in Sunnyvale, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Infogain Infogain 185 reviews Infogain is a Silicon Valley headquartered company with software platform engineering and deep domain expertise in the travel, retail, in... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
