
 
 
 
 Data Engineer I - Pomona, CA 91765 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Engineer I Kroll 59 reviews Pomona, CA 91765 Kroll 59 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Kroll, a division of Duff & Phelps and part of the Governance, Risk, Investigations and Disputes business unit, is the leading global provider of risk solutions. For more than 45 years, Kroll has helped clients make confident risk management decisions about people, assets, operations and security through a wide range of investigations, cyber security, due diligence and compliance, physical and operational security, and data and information management services. 
 Verus, a Kroll business, is a premier trusted advisor to U.S. state governments and is focused on regulatory compliance matters and fraud detection and prevention solutions for government entities. We utilize our proprietary data analytics platform and experienced team of data scientists and subject matter experts to solve critical questions facing state governments related to compliance, risks and transparency. 
 At Duff & Phelps, your work will help protect, restore and maximize value for our clients. Join us and together we’ll maximize the value of your career. 
 Duff & Phelps is building an artificial intelligence and machine learning practice, and we’re looking for you to join our growing portfolio of AI projects. You will be involved in leading, designing, building, and integrating data from various sources and working with an advanced engineering team and professionals from the world’s largest financial institutions, law enforcement, and government agencies. 
 Duff & Phelps is building an artificial intelligence and machine learning practice, and we’re looking for you to join our growing portfolio of AI projects. You will be involved in leading, designing, building, and integrating data from various sources and working with an advanced engineering team and professionals from the world’s largest financial institutions, law enforcement, and government agencies. 
 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 Design and build organizational data infrastructure and architecture 
Choosing the best tools/services/resources to build robust data pipelines for data ingestion, connection, transformation, and distribution 
Design, develop and manage ETL processes 
Transform data and engineer new features for machine learning models 
Versioning data 
Assist with deploying models to production 
Working with global teams to deliver models 
 
 REQUIREMENTS: 
 Project or personnel management experience 
Experience with Azure 
Experience with Python 
Experience in dealing with different kind of databases, data sources and formats 
Experience writing ETL jobs 
Experience with big data tools like data lakes, Spark, Hadoop, etc. 
Ability to work with an international team 
Strong cloud architecture principles: compute, storage, networks, security, cost savings, etc. 
Experience with NLP tools like spaCy or NLTK preferred 
Experience with machine learning tools like Tensorflow, PyTorch or Keras preferred 
Experience with real-time data pipelines 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills that help represent diverse communities 
Experience working with diverse teams 
 In order to be considered for a position at Duff & Phelps, you must formally apply via careers.duffandphelps.jobs 
 
 Duff & Phelps is committed to creating an inclusive work environment. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants regardless of gender, gender identity, race, religion, color, nationality, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, age or disability. Kroll Today original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Engineer jobs in Pomona, CA Jobs at Kroll in Pomona, CA Data Engineer salaries in Pomona, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Kroll Kroll 59 reviews Kroll is a corporate investigations and risk consulting firm based in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. It was established in 1972. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
