
 
 
 
 Manager - Solution and Service Management - Tampa, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager - Solution and Service Management Pfizer 5,879 reviews Tampa, FL Pfizer 5,879 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why Patients Need You
 Technology impacts everything we do. Pfizer’s digital and ‘data first’ strategy focuses on implementing impactful and innovative technology solutions across all functions from research to manufacturing. Whether you are digitizing drug discovery and development, identifying solutions, or making our work easier and faster, you will be making a difference to countless lives.
 ROLE SUMMARY
 We are seeking a highly motivated individual to join Pfizer’s Digital Solution and Service Management organization.
 Our team is responsible for operations of all core digital systems across Customer Experience, Commercial Enablement and Market Facing Solutions globally. Our mission is to help bring medicines to patients through the delivery of impactful and sustainable technology solutions. Through our team of talented technologists, we provide solution and service delivery, technology platforms managements, and optimization and application support excellence. The Manager, Solution and Service Management is a critical role in helping us achieve our mission.
 The Manager, Solution and Service Management, will be responsible for managing support and operations of Market Access and Revenue Management suite of applications. This role will maintain stable, compliant and reliable systems, engaging with customers and service providers to resolve issues, and partnering with solution delivery to deploy new solutions and capabilities. The qualified candidate will work with assigned technologies, such as Salesforce.com, AWS, Informatica, Model N, Tableau, and others, as well as emerging capabilities including Artificial Intelligence and Robotic Process Automation and integrations with key enterprise and local edge systems. This role will participate and contribute as a team member, manage vendor partner deliverables, manage application releases and upgrades, collaborate with other support teams, drive continues improvements, and ensure our solutions are supported with the highest level of customer satisfaction.
 ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
 Accountable for the quality of application support for the assigned Market access and Revenue Management applications. Examples include the US Tenders & Contracts System, Flex, Global Price Management, Converge Health
 Maintain key metrics for quality, efficiency and performance. Identify areas for improvement, agree and implement improvement plans with Digital Business Partner.
 Act as Release manager for assigned applications with direct responsibility to lead platform upgrades, application maintenance releases and system patching.
 Take leadership role in application automation and other high critical initiatives
 Manage and report on application support activities and operations processes (Incident Management, Problem Management, Change Management etc.) needed to support the functional areas in a global environment.
 Review service performance and participate in definition of Service Level Agreements (SLAs) as needed.
 Manage and report team progress related to the work efforts of responsible areas.
 Oversee high priority incidents, provide guidance and direction to the team, and communicate to affected business users and executive stakeholders. If required, assist the team in troubleshooting and diagnosing issues and engage others to ensure timely resolution.
 Identify continuous improvement opportunities and engage others to define an appropriate approach and deliver results.
 Ensure all application support activities and actions are compliant with SDLC processes and procedures.
 Provide technical SME support for support area, maintenance, and enhancements.
 Partner with Solution Delivery and Engineering leads to define and implement supportability requirements and manage transition of projects to long-term support.
 Prepare and deliver operational updates to business stakeholder groups and solution delivery lead
 Ensure smooth transition of application upgrades and new capabilities to production support
 Assist with support contract renewals and manage software licenses.
  BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
 Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in Computer Science, Engineering or related field
 5+ years of relevant experience with emphasis on application support, application development, or systems engineering.
 Experience supporting Pharmaceutical revenue management applications like Flex Model N Government Pricing, Global Tenders and Contracts, Global Price Management
 Proven experience and demonstrated skills with one or more of these technologies 1) Salesforce.com (including Visualforce and Apex fundamentals, Web services, SQL, Salesforce Object Query Language) 2) Informatica and Oracle PL/SQL
 Excellent written, interpersonal and oral communication skills, communicate and liaise broadly across functions and the global organization.
 Deep knowledge of SDLC processes and compliance related activities.
 Demonstrated ability to effectively coordinate multiple priorities in a dynamic environment.
 Strong analytical, critical thinking, and troubleshooting skills
 Experience managing vendors and contracted resources in both a staff augmentation and outsourcing model.
 Ambition to learn and utilize emerging technologies while working in a stimulating team environment.
 PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
 Knowledge of systems within Market Access and Revenue Management function.
 Process-oriented with strong organization, project management and coordination skills.
 ITIL/PMP certified.
 Ability to adapt to changing working conditions and work assignments, to be open, and motivated to learn and adopt new ideas and concepts.
 Salesforce.com, Apex programming language and Informatica experience a plus
 Knowledge of database, storage, hosting, cloud, application, analytics and services technologies.
 NON-STANDARD WORK SCHEDULE, TRAVEL OR ENVIRONMENT REQUIREMENTS
 Expectations around travel will be minimal but candidates must be capable of travel within the region, to other regions, and to other Pfizer sites.
 Pfizer Digital is a 7x24x365 endeavor. This role may require physical or virtual participation on a weekend, holiday, or after normal business hours.
 Other Job Details:
 Employee Referral Bonus Eligible
 Sunshine Act
 Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider’s name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.
 EEO & Employment Eligibility
 Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.
 Information & Business Tech
 #LI-PFE Pfizer 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Solutions Manager jobs in Tampa, FL Jobs at Pfizer in Tampa, FL Solutions Manager salaries in Tampa, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Pfizer Pfizer 5,879 reviews At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring treatments and therapies to people all over the globe. Every day, we work t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
