
 
 
 
 Entry Frontend Engineer - Saint George, UT - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Entry Frontend Engineer TCN Saint George, UT Job details Job Type Full-time Part-time Internship Full Job Description Title : Programming Intern
 
 Location : Saint George, Utah 84770 
 Employment : Part-time/Full Time
 
 
 About TCN: 
Founded in 1999, and privately held, TCN increases the profitability of businesses globally on a daily basis, including contact centers, BPOs, collection agencies, Fortune 500 companies, and many various industries including education and medical. 
 
TCN is a fast growing technology company and provides all its services over the internet in a cloud based software-as-a-service model. TCN's technology stack and culture is positive and forward thinking.
 
 
Some of the services TCN provides are: inbound calling, outbound calling, agent management, automatic call distributing, call recording, agent optimization, reporting, artificial intelligence (smart agents, chat bots) among other things.
 
 
 Job Description :
 
Intern's at TCN learn programming and gain real world experience while contributing to a fast paced high-tech team and get paid!
 
 
 Qualifications 
 Do you like to program? 
 Would you like to program more? 
 Have you done some programming before? 
 Do you have a GitHub account you've used regularly? 
 Have you used javascript, react, rust, python or go? 
 
 
If you answered yes to most of these question you probably could be a programming intern at TCN
 
 
 Nice to Have's 
   Experience with Amazon Web Service (API's and CLI's) 
  Experience with Google Cloud Platform (API's and CLI's) 
  Experience with Azure (API's and CLI's) 
  Skills linux environment 
 
 
 Duties 
 Program either front end or backed with a mentoring team 
 
 Key Responsibilities
 Key Responsibilities 
 About TCN
 Every year, TCN delivers billions of remarkable customer experiences for organizations worldwide using our cloud-based software. Through the power of the cloud, our technology connects every customer moment across an organization, no matter the channel of communication. TCN core products are designed for scale and flexibility using voice, SMS, email, and chat. 
 
Founded in 1999, TCN combines a deep understanding of the needs of call center users with a highly affordable delivery model, ensuring immediate access to robust call center technology, such as predictive dialer, IVR, call recording, and business analytics required to optimize operations and adhere to TCPA regulations. TCN 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Front End Developer jobs in Saint George, UT Jobs at TCN in Saint George, UT Front End Developer salaries in Saint George, UT Company Info Follow Get job updates from TCN TCN is a leading provider of cloud-based call center technology for enterprises, contact centers, BPOs, and collection agencies worldwide... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
