
 
 
 
 Backend Software Engineer - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Backend Software Engineer iRhythm Technologies - External 54 reviews San Francisco, CA Remote iRhythm Technologies - External 54 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About iRhythm: 
 
iRhythm is a leading digital healthcare company focused on the way cardiac arrhythmias are clinically diagnosed by combining our wearable bio sensing technology with powerful cloud-based data analytics and Artificial Intelligence capabilities. Our goal is to be the leading provider of ambulatory ECG monitoring for patients at risk for arrhythmias. iRhythm's continuous ambulatory monitoring has already put over 3 million patients and their doctors on a shorter path to what they both need – answer. 
 
About this role: 
 
iRhythm is currently seeking a stellar and passionate Backend Software Engineer to help develop the software platform in support of our suite of patient and provider facing mobile and web applications. Candidate has the option to work in our San Francisco office or remotely. You'll be developing software in collaboration with multiple teams from mobile and web application engineers to designers and data scientists. You'll be helping to mature the software platform that has made an impact on the lives of over 3 million patients and their physicians. Our work environment is fast-paced, with a collaborative atmosphere. Most of all, we are passionate about delivering innovations that improve the quality of health care and the patient experience. We are looking for like-minded individuals to join our team today! 
 
Job Responsibilities : 
 
 Develop server-side components/services for Zio Service platform. 
 Implement RESTful web services for both internal and third-party integrations. 
 Design data modeling changes to the platform as needed. 
 Advance the platform architecture and scalability. 
 Partner with DevOps team to improve infrastructure deployment and availability 
 Develop and hold design documentation reviews. 
 Create unit tests for code developed, participate in peer code reviews. 
 
 About you: 
 
 2+ years of software engineering experience. 
 2+ years of Java development experience. 
 1+ years developing RESTful based web services. 
 1+ years experience working with AWS, MySQL, Hibernate, and Spring Boot 
 Comfortable in an Agile/SCRUM environment. 
 Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, finding creative solutions. 
 BA/BS in Computer Science, or related technical field, or equivalent experience 
 
 What's in it for you: 
 
This is a full-time position with competitive compensation package, excellent benefits including medical, dental, and vision insurance (all of which start on your first day), paid holidays, and PTO! 
 
iRhythm also provides additional benefits including 401K (with company match), an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, paid parental leave, pet insurance discount, Cultural Committee/Charity events, and so much more! 
 
 FLSA Status:  Exempt 
 
As a part of our core values, we ensure a diverse and inclusive workforce. We welcome and celebrate people of all backgrounds, experiences, skills, and perspectives. iRhythm Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer (M/F/V/D). Pursuant to San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. 
 
Make iRhythm your path forward. 
 
#LI-SF1 iRhythm Technologies - External 1 day ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Back End Developer jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at iRhythm Technologies in San Francisco, CA Back End Developer salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from iRhythm Technologies - External iRhythm Technologies - External 54 reviews iRhythm is a digital healthcare company redefining the way cardiac arrhythmias are clinically diagnosed by combining our wearable biosens... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
