
 
 
 
 Technical Program Manager, Ads Measurements - Seattle, WA 98109 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Program Manager, Ads Measurements Facebook 621 reviews Seattle, WA 98109 Facebook 621 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Facebook is seeking an experienced Technical Program Manager to join the Ads Measurements team. We build industry leading ads measurement products to improve the quality of advertising at a global scale and maximize advertisers’ and users’ value. It is at the heart of the Facebook ads system. The tools we build help big and small businesses grow, measure the results of their efforts, and gain insights through analytics.As a Product TPM on the Measurement team, you will be helping us build and evolve technical systems for data gathering, processing, storage and retrieval of metrics in the face of unique challenges presented by the unique scale Facebook's portfolio of products. 
Develop the overall strategy, product roadmap and tactical business decisions for Ads Measurement products and platforms. 
Define and own metrics as key performance indicators that measure the impact of Ads Delivery Products. 
Establish shared goals with product teams across the company to get alignment and to drive optimal results for business, people, partners and Facebook. 
Collaborate with Engineering, Product, Marketing, Design, Contents, Privacy and Data Science teams for product requirements, scope and implementation. 
Provide hands-on program management during analysis, design, development, testing, implementation, and post implementation phases. 
Develop and manage end-to-end project plans and ensure on-time delivery. Provide day-to-day coordination and quality assurance for projects and tasks. 
Proactively identify, mitigate and manage risks to ensure success. 
Drive internal process improvements across multiple teams and functions. 
B.S. degree in Computer Science or 5+ years of Software Application development experience. 
5+ years of experience in online advertising or in a trust or risk-related product in technical product or technical program management role. 
5+ years of experience working across functions (Engineering, Product Management, Legal) in order to deliver a product or feature. 
5+ years of experience unifying cross-functional groups for product delivery in a technical company. 
5+ years of problem-solving experience with highly technical systems. 
5+ years of experience understanding product requirements and translating those product needs into plans and deliverables. 
5+ years of experience with large-scale, web based software systems, and experience writing code. 
Technical Industrial experience in large scale Machine learning/Artificial intelligence or scaling out data engineering and infrastructure. 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Program Manager jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Facebook in Seattle, WA Technical Program Manager salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 621 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
