
 
 
 
 Senior Systems Software Engineer, ATG - Hillsboro, OR 97124 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Systems Software Engineer, ATG NVIDIA 237 reviews Hillsboro, OR 97124 NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA has continuously reinvented itself over two decades. Our invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing. NVIDIA is a “learning machine” that constantly evolves by adapting to new opportunities that are hard to solve, that only we can tackle, and that matter to the world. This is our life’s work, to amplify human imagination and intelligence. Make the choice, join our diverse team today!
 The Advanced Technology Group is looking for a highly motivated Senior Systems Software Engineer to join our group. Do you have a proven software development background in computational methods for advanced manufacturing? Are you an expert in one of the underlying fields, such as massively distributed computing, computational geometry, diffractive optics, and artificial intelligence? If yes, then we’d love to hear from you! The job requires working on complex problems and products; you will be providing solutions that are highly creative, and directly contribute to product differentiation. This role will be located in Hillsboro, Oregon.
 What You'll be Doing:
 Working with some of the best technologists in the world to create industry-leading computational methods for advanced manufacturing
 Exploiting the potential of the GPU to dramatically accelerate these software solutions
 Ultimately, keeping the cadence of semiconductor innovation alive by accelerating semiconductor yield and time to market
 What We Need to See:
 BS (MS/PhD preferred) in Computer Science or Engineering or equivalent experience
 8+ years of research and development experience, including 5 years developing computational methods for advanced manufacturing
 A track record of creating high quality code to solve complex problems in semiconductor fabrication
 Ways to Stand out from the Crowd:
 Deep understanding of technology and passionate about what you do
 Strong collaborative and interpersonal skills, specifically a proven ability to effectively guide and influence within a dynamic matrix environment
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. It’s not just technology though! It is our people, some of the brightest in the world, and our company diverse culture make NVIDIA one of the most fun, innovative and dynamic places to work in the world! At the center of NVIDIA's culture are our core values - like innovation, excellence and determination, and one team - that guide us to be the best we can be.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Hillsboro, OR Jobs at NVIDIA in Hillsboro, OR Senior Software Engineer salaries in Hillsboro, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
