
 
 
 
 AI/ML Research Engineer - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML Research Engineer Ford Motor Company 7,356 reviews Atlanta, GA Ford Motor Company 7,356 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Atlanta 
 Ford Motor Company 
 Product Development 
 Job Description & Qualifications 
 At Ford Motor Company, we believe freedom of movement drives human progress. We also believe in providing you with the freedom to define and realize your dreams. With our incredible plans for the future of mobility, we have a wide variety of opportunities for you to accelerate your career potential as you help us define tomorrow’s transportation. 
 
Ford’s Research and Advanced Engineering team explores new vehicle and societal innovations that require some level of invention before they can be applied to our products and services. The team is building on a history of Ford innovation, including our invention of the three-way catalytic converter to modernize vehicle emissions controls in the 1970s and the world’s first rear inflatable seat belts in 2010. 
 
Today, we are exploring and delivering ways to make smarter vehicles and our transportation system more efficient to improve people’s lives by helping them move more freely, safely and enjoyably. For example, we are changing how our products are made by creating high-quality vehicles in an environmentally and socially responsible way, including the use sustainable materials. Since 2000, we have used 12 industry and world-first plant-based materials in our production vehicles. We also are researching the possible use of tomato skin, bamboo, agave fiber, dandelion roots, algae and coffee chaff as part of our ambitious goal of making our vehicles with up of 20 percent sustainable material by 2025. 
 
 What you will be able to do 
We are looking for engineers to lead our efforts in a newly established Research and Innovation Center (RIC) in Atlanta. You will be responsible for priority Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (AI/ML) projects aligned to Ford’s Research and Advanced key initiatives and technology scouting with the objective of identifying and recruitment of technologies that bring innovation to Ford. 
 
The scouting role requires engagement with the tech sector, venture capital, and the innovation ecosystem in Atlanta region. The office will also be key to University engagement with key University partners in and around the Atlanta area. 
 
AI/ML research engineer role will include formulating and developing ML-based solutions with Technical Experts at Vehicle Attribute and Analytical Tools Department of Research and Advanced Engineering organization in Dearborn (RIC-Dearborn). As a key contributor to our team, you will: 
Design and develop ML algorithms for business objectives (e.g. image processing, material development, legacy data mining, etc.) 
Work in cross-functional environment to identify ML challenges and requirements 
Recommend ML algorithm based on project problem and business objectives 
Find datasets and developing validation strategies 
Support quick concept development of new and emerging machine and deep learning ideas 
Additionally, a portion of your time will be spent supporting the identification and evaluation of viable new technology solutions (e.g. products, ideas, devices, etc.) in the Atlanta region, you will: 
Develop long term relationships with educational and research institutions, national laboratories, startups, incubators, accelerators, venture capital firms, peer companies, suppliers and other subject matter authorities that are likely to develop technology solutions in areas of interest to Ford through research, industry events and pro-active networking 
Monitor key players, trends, industry announcements, etc. in technology domains that could drive steep changes in our products’ performances and manufacturing efficiency 
Source, pre-screen and review new technologies for soundness, cost, risk, scalability and economic feasibility 
Document findings from scouting activities and effectively present the analysis with peers and key partners 
Work with partners across Ford to develop quick, proof-of-concept evaluations for potential projects that match opportunities identified through tech scouting research with high impact applications 
The minimum requirements we seek 
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Engineering 
1+ year of experience in application of machine learning algorithms and platforms (coursework/internship/co-op experience allowed) 
1+ year of experience with Python and/or R (coursework/internship/co-op experience allowed) 
1+ year of experience with machine learning frameworks (e.g. Hadoop, TensorFlow) (coursework/internship/co-op experience allowed) 
Our preferred requirements 
Master’s Degree in Computer Science or Engineering 
Knowledge in mathematical basis for traditional ML and signal processing, including linear algebra and matrix methods 
Working knowledge in decision trees, uncertainty analysis, Bayesian inference, clustering, PCA and regression 
Previous engagement in Atlanta startup ecosystem
 Strong interest in new emerging technologies 
Prior experience in researching leading-edge technologies 
Unbridled curiosity about how and why things work 
A proven record of establishing new relationships and technology networks with a large variety of audiences 
Fundamental understanding of engineering concepts and ability to judge soundness of a proposal from engineering point of view 
Ability to work independently and manage time across multiple projects with varying deadlines and commitment needs
 Self-motivated, pro-active, self-starter, with demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities 
Excellent presentation and communication skills with the ability to communicate ideas effectively, at all levels of management, to both internal and external partners 
 
What you will receive in return 
As part of the Ford family, you will enjoy excellent compensation and a comprehensive benefits package that includes generous PTO, retirement, savings and stock investment plans, incentive compensation and much more. You will also experience exciting opportunities for professional and personal growth and recognition. 
 
If you have what it takes to help us redefine the future of mobility, we would love to have you join us. 
 
Visa sponsorship may be available for this position. 
 
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status. 
 
For information on Ford’s benefits and compensation, click here: https://corporate.ford.com/content/dam/corporate/us/en-us/documents/careers/2021-benefits-and-comp-GSR-sal-plan-1.pdf 
 Auto req ID 
 44455BR 
 State 
 Georgia
 Skill Team 
 Research & Advanced Engineering (R&A)
 Sub-Component 
 Research & Advanced Engrg Ford Motor Company 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Engineer jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Ford Motor Company in Atlanta, GA Research Engineer salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ford Motor Company Ford Motor Company 7,356 reviews Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) is a global company based in Dearborn, Michigan. The company designs, manufactures, markets and services a f... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
