
 
 
 
 Cloud Foundry Architect - Atlanta, GA 30328 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Cloud Foundry Architect Capgemini 8,221 reviews Atlanta, GA 30328 Capgemini 8,221 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :6+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Experience with vSphere 
Experiences with Ubuntu Linux 
Experience Public Cloud: Azure ( GCP or AWS is a plus) 
PaaS solutions: 
Opensource Cloud Foundry (OSS CF) setup and management. 
Strong experience on creating and management releases. 
Cloud Foundry User Account and Authentication (UAA) 
Stemcell management 
Configurations: deployment config, director config, cloud config and run-time config 
CredHub 
Containers Technology: Docker, Kubernetes 
High proficiency in bash or python scripting 
Requirements : 
Deep understanding of CF architecture 
Understanding of BBR backup and restore 
Experience with Git, svn, understanding branching model and tagging. 
Self-motivated, pro-active and solution-oriented individual 
Combination to get involved and provide consultation to the client. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Capgemini in Atlanta, GA Software Architect salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,221 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
