
 
 
 
 Research Associate - College Station, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Associate Texas A&M University 1,393 reviews College Station, TX Texas A&M University 1,393 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Title
 Research Associate
 Agency
 Texas A&M Engineering
 Department
 Electrical Engineering
 Proposed Minimum Salary
 Commensurate
 Job Location
 College Station, Texas
 Job Type
 Staff
 Job Description
 The research associate is expected to work with the PI and his group for scientific programming and software/database/webserver development aiming at addressing computational challenges in bioinformatics and health informatics, including modeling biological molecules, systems, and big data. The specific application of interest involves mechanistic studies of disease-associated mutational effects on proteins and protein interactions, biomolecular pathways and networks, and phenotypes. The research associate is expected to develop and test corresponding algorithms (optimization, machine learning, artificial intelligence, pattern recognition, statistics, graph theory, systems and control) to visualize and analyze structured data (sequence, table, graph etc.) as well as deploy them in the forms of software, online databases, and webservers.
 Responsibilities:
 Research under the supervision of the PI. Develop, analyze, and test algorithms, software, database, & webservers.
 Required Education:
 An appropriate Bachelor degree or equivalent combination of education and experience. 
 
 Required Experience:
 2 years related professional experience.
 Preferred Education:
 MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Bioinformatics, Computational Biology.
 Preferred Experience:
 Linux programming using Python/R, C/C++, shell scripts.
 Machine learning using Python sk-learn, numpy, pandas, etc.
 Deep learning using TensorFlow, Keras, etc. SQL and other database skills.
 Big data tools.
 Webserver development.
 Bioinformatics a plus.
 Equipment Utilized
 Linux computers and high-performance computing facilities.
 All positions are security-sensitive. Applicants are subject to a criminal history investigation, and employment is contingent upon the institution’s verification of credentials and/or other information required by the institution’s procedures, including the completion of the criminal history check.
 Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action/Veterans/Disability Employer committed to diversity. Texas A&M University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Associate jobs in College Station, TX Jobs at Texas A&M University in College Station, TX Research Associate salaries in College Station, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Texas A&M University Texas A&M University 1,393 reviews Texas A&M University  is a coeducational public research university located in College Station, Texas, United States. It is the flagship ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
