
 
 
 
 Clinical Informatics Developer - Research - San Diego, CA 92121 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Clinical Informatics Developer - Research Scripps Health 1,029 reviews San Diego, CA 92121 Remote Scripps Health 1,029 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Scripps Health Administrative Services supports our five hospitals and 19 outpatient facilities, which treat half a million patients annually through 2,600 affiliated physicians. 
At Scripps Health, you will experience the pride, support and respect of an organization that has been repeatedly recognized as one of the nation’s Top 100 Places to Work. 
 
You’ll be surrounded by people committed to making a difference in the lives of their patients and their teammates. So if you’re open to change, go ahead and unlock your potential. 
 
 Join a motivated, passionate and winning team supporting Scripps Health as a Clinical Informatics Developer - Research within the Knowledge Management team. Working together, you’ll bring your expertise, compassion and excellence to all we do. 
 The Developer will support the Graduate Medical Education group (GME) and Scripps Whittier Diabetes Institute. This individual will be responsible for providing the Clinical Research data to researchers and residents. They will provide data collection support efforts, training residents on Research data submissions requests, run self-servicing analytics training, and assist in facilitating research technical application changes. Collects, analyzes, and disseminates clinical information to enable the organization to assess the environment and forecast trends, and may lead research initiatives and collaborates with other researchers on department projects. Integrates nursing science, computer science and information science to manage and communicate data, information, and knowledge. 
 This is a full time, salaried position and offers Scripps Health's award winning benefit package, with potential for a 9/80 work schedule. This role is currently a work-from-home position, however, does require location in San Diego, CA. Potential for relocation and retention incentives based on eligibility. 
 This is a grant funded position through September 2022.
 Preferred Education/Experience/Specialized Skills/Certification: 
 Bachelor's Degree. Clinical Informatics Certification. 
 Proficient in SQL Programming. 
 Familiarity with Business Intelligence tools 
 Experienced in MS Office suite with advanced level of MS Excel experience. 
 An advanced level of expertise in MS Excel. 
 Experience with analytics reporting, machine learning, and artificial intelligence. 
 Experience with Epic (Electronic Health Record). 
 
 Required Education/Experience/Specialized Skills: 
 Must have experience working in clinical and analytics settings, or equivalent graduate education. 
 Good critical and analytical thinking and excellent customer service skills. 
 Exhibit excellent written and verbal communication, organizational, and presentation skills. 
 Strong knowledge of how healthcare departments relate to one another and interdependent process flows. 
 Must have knowledge and skills necessary to explain complex concepts to team members and leadership. 
 Attention to detail, accuracy, workflow and time management. 
 Strong data analytical and data manipulation skills. 
 Experience with business process improvement, applications management and end user support. 
 Ability to work both independently and collaboratively as part of a team. 
 
 Required Certification/Registration: 
 Epic Cogito certification 
 Clinical License. 
 
 Scripps Health is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, or gender identity/expression), age, marital status, status as a protected veteran, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with disability. Scripps Health 18 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Clinical Research Associate jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at Scripps Health in San Diego, CA Clinical Research Associate salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Scripps Health Scripps Health 1,029 reviews Scripps Health is a nonprofit health care system based in San Diego, California. The system includes four hospitals and 19 outpatient fac... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
