
 
 
 
 Product Manager- Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning -Remote - Boca Raton, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Manager- Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning -Remote Johnson Controls 6,668 reviews Boca Raton, FL Remote Johnson Controls 6,668 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Product Manager- Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning -Remote - WD30099542247 
 What will you do 
 Sensormatic Solutions, the leader in Loss Prevention, Inventory, and Traffic Intelligence Solutions, is looking for a leader for the Inventory Intelligence Solutions Management Team. This position will be responsible for driving product/solution strategy, creating a comprehensive portfolio of AI/ML solutions and offerings, overseeing solution lifecycle management, and ensuring the success of this exciting and growing business. 
 This position is responsible for leading HW & SW Product/Solution Management for AI/ML within Sensormatic’s Retail portfolio on a global level. The candidate will be responsible for increasing market share and driving profitable revenue growth through various solutions and offerings within the Retail Industry. The function will drive strategic product roadmaps that meet global customer needs, manage external vendor partners, and lead internal cross-functional teams to ensure the successful market launch of high impact solutions.
 As a solution portfolio subject matter expert, this position will frequently participate in high-level global customer, analyst, and strategic partner meetings to present product roadmaps and strategic perspective. The candidate will also support Sensormatic marketing and public relations activities through speaking engagements and media event participation. 
 A key accountability of this position is the selection and deployment of Sensormatic’s organic as well as partnership offerings to build out a global platform. The platform enables enterprise customers to manage integrated, scalable systems through a common, interoperable distributed infrastructure. The platform construction is a complicated cross-functional team development effort that will require knowledge and expertise across multiple disciplines closely working with sales, installation, and service organizations. 
 
 How will you do it 
 Responsible for developing business cases, market requirements, and product definitions through a diligent “outside-in” Voice of Market and Voice of Customer approach. 
 Determine engineering development priorities, as well as business development opportunities both organic and via partnerships. 
 Responsible for portfolio and lifecycle management cradle to grave. 
 Proactively work with Sensormatic Solutions and broader JCI teams to ensure product roadmaps address Sensormatic Solutions retail market customer needs while providing Sensormatic Solutions with first to market opportunity as well as leveraging and fitting into larger JCI initiatives. 
 Lead product development process activities associated with all product and service solutions to ensure quality technical evaluation, high impact business case development, senior management alignment, and sponsorship, resulting in successful market launches. 
 Work with other functional areas of the company, including sales, marketing, operations, strategic sourcing, service and installation, finance, legal to provide direction, and collaborate on all new products and product enhancements. 
 Collaborate with Sensormatic Solutions marketing, business development, and sales organizations to better understand vertical market customer needs and provide product guidance and presentation support for Global accounts. 
 Support, collaborate, and organize the day-to-day activities within a cross-functional team of highly experienced and productive product and solution managers. 
Qualifications 
 
What we look for 
 Required 
 BA / BS degree in a business or technology-related field. 
 Five (5) years of experience as a product/solutions manager in a related industry or field. 
 Experience creating a strategic vision, gaining senior management alignment, and successful launch of new products or services to market. 
 Experience with developing and marketing technology products within the Retail Industry. 
 Experience with sophisticated technology solutions and distributed computing systems as well as will background in data processing or statistics. 
 Demonstrated experience in leading product management and development efforts to develop and launch innovative technology-based solutions. 
 Having hands-on experience or working knowledge of data and models as an AI PM is considered to be an essential skill. 
 Experience within the AI/ML space leveraging Video technologies and others. 
 Experience with solutions comprising various technologies including wireless, IP networking & Video, analytics, IoT, enterprise software development, and data management. 
 Experience with developing and marketing hosted (SaaS) and licensed or subscription-based solution offerings. 
 Demonstrated cross-functional leadership skills, collaborative problem solving and decision-making skills, and project coordination/management. 
 Advanced knowledge in global product development, product management, agile development and marketing processes.Technical aptitude plus domain expertise and holistic understanding of AI Technology. 
 Ability to motivate and rally individuals and cross functional teams within the organization working on a modified Agile Methodology or Kanban approach. 
 Skilled at problem Mapping to translate a customer problem into a possible AI Solution Approach. 
 Outstanding communication skills, both written and verbal. 
 Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. 
 Significant experience with interfacing with various internal (sales, development, operations, marketing, etc.) and external constituents (customers, analysts, partners, etc.) 
 
 
 Preferred 
 MBA in technology field. 
 Seven (7) years of experience
 Johnson Controls International plc. is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, genetic information, status as a qualified individual with a disability, or any other characteristic protected by law. For more information, please view EEO is the Law. If you are an individual with a disability and you require an accommodation during the application process, please visit www.johnsoncontrols.com/careers 
Job  Sales & Marketing 
Primary Location US-FL-Boca Raton 
Organization  Bldg Technologies & Solutions Johnson Controls 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Boca Raton, FL Jobs at Johnson Controls in Boca Raton, FL Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Boca Raton, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Johnson Controls Johnson Controls 6,668 reviews Johnson Controls is powered by your talent. We are the power behind the customer mission. Together we are building a world that’s safe, c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
