
 
 
 
 VP, Global Customer Engineering - San Jose - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VP, Global Customer Engineering - San Jose Micron 1,039 reviews San Jose, CA Micron 1,039 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Micron’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.  Join an inclusive team focused on one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can spark the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Req. ID: 279101 
The VP, Global Customer Engineering role is a key management role reporting directly into the SVP of Worldwide Sales. The successful candidate will own objectives related to our ability to deliver compelling, highly technical customer engagements in the field. The successful candidate will work to deliver a world class customer experience, as they remove barriers to adoption and increase customer productivity. They will offer strategic leadership to help Micron transform the customer experience, working collaboratively across the company, to create innovative and meaningful customer outcomes. 
The successful candidate will be responsible for leading and developing the world-wide team of Field Applications Engineers, Solution Architects and Customer Labs that provides technical expertise and value to customers who integrate Micron products with their own. This person will serve as an internal thought leader and will participate in setting customer engagement strategy as well as having a significant operational and strategic impact. 
Qualifications: 
Ability to set the direction for a system and application driven engagement 
Experience working with customers in evaluating customer requirements, early engagement to enable product definitions and execution of Design Wins. Existing relationships with customers and demonstrated ability to influence key decision makers is expected 
Experience in engaging with CxO staff, presenting the voice of the customer and the market, driving and influencing decisions among internal leadership 
Demonstrated people leadership. Demonstrated ability to bring a metrics driven culture enabling accountability and decision making with a sense of urgency 
Strong analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making skills 
Ability to collaborate well with peers and internal/external stakeholders 
Experience working with large global organizations 
A track record of building high-performing, self-sufficient teams and delivering results in a fast-paced, quick-changing environment. 
Develop and operationalize strategies that create a best-in-class customer experience 
Advocate for the customer, working across product engineering, marketing, and operations to create a more aligned and cohesive customer experience 
 Key Deliverables : 
Build a strong team aligned with the future business evolution of Micron 
Enable a deeper technical engagement on a foundation of trust with customer’s technology and business decision makers 
Differentiate in customer service and customer satisfaction 
Be a recognized thought leader in the industry and at Micron. 
Work closely with Micron Business Units and Quality and Engineering teams to drive product requirements and product definition processes 
Drive close alignment with Sales leaders and revenue goals 
Engage in corporate business strategy and advise senior and executive management in relation to strategic decisions for customer engagement 
Provide technical leadership with a thorough knowledge of Micron’s full product portfolio of products and customer’s applications. 
Drive a disciplined Business Process Management approach to Design Wins at Customers 
Drive Voice of Customer into product development strategies in Micron 
Exhibit people focused leadership and decision making 
Experience: 
15+ years’ experience leading global teams 
Bachelor’s degree 
Demonstrated strategic and impactful executive leadership with large teams in highly collaborative environments 
Ability to develop strategic priorities and evangelize and influence a shared plan with a wide range of audiences at all levels of the organization, including senior executives 
Experience synthesizing data and divergent points of view into a single vision 
Success and impact through collaborative leadership across multiple cross-product initiatives 
Experience leading initiatives to better service customers, increase operating efficiency, and support new operational models 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
Micron prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and other international and industry labor standards. 
Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron. 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Keywords: San Jose || California (US-CA) || United States (US) || SGA || Experienced || Regular || Sales || #LI-LG1 || Special || Micron 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President of Engineering jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Micron in San Jose, CA Vice President of Engineering salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Micron 1,039 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
