
 
 
 
 Systems Engineering Program Lead - Hillsboro, OR 97124 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Systems Engineering Program Lead Intel 5,432 reviews Hillsboro, OR 97124 Intel 5,432 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
The Data Platforms Engineering and Architecture (DPEA) Group invents, designs & builds the world's most critical computing platforms which fuel Intel's most important business and solve the world's most fundamental problems. DPEA enables the data center which is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DPEA delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Data Center Platform Architecture Integration and Validation (PAIV) team is looking for a Systems Validation Engineer to lead a Platform Validation Steering team and guide the performance of functional validation teams to launch one or more of our futuredatacenter products. 
You will bring your broad knowledge and experience in validation of multiple system areas and interfaces with Architecture, Design, and Pre-silicon/Post-silicon Validation teams to effectively lead your functional engineering teams to success. 
Your responsibilities will include but are not limited to: 
Create and develop platform validation plan, work with partner teams to define required infrastructure to execute the plan. 
Act as the key interface with stakeholders and management internal and external to the project throughout the product life cycle. 
Oversee identification and completion of tasks to ensure quality standards are met. 
Work with marketing and application teams to draft customer communication on technical risk assessment throughout the development process. 
Qualifications 
Minimum qualifications: 
The candidate must have a BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or a related technical filed with 9+ yrs. Experience, or MS with 6+ yrs. experience. 
4+ yrs. technical project leadership experience in platform validation, system engineering, or hardware/software development. 
Experience with modern data center server systems and key components (SW, HW, OS) as well as firmware/software integration flow. 
Successful track record of influencing and dealing across engineering groups in a direct and productive manner with unquestionable integrity 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Center Group (DCG) is at the heart of Intel’s transformation from a PC company to a company that runs the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. The data center is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Other Locations 
 
US, California, Santa Clara;Virtual US and Canada 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. 
Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in US, Colorado: 
$127,330.00-$216,740.00 
Benefits: 
We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock, bonuses, and benefit programs. Find more information about our Amazing Benefits here Intel 9 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job System Engineer jobs in Hillsboro, OR Jobs at Intel in Hillsboro, OR System Engineer salaries in Hillsboro, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,432 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
