
 
 
 
 Server Platform Application Engineer - Hillsboro, OR 97124 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Server Platform Application Engineer Intel 5,431 reviews Hillsboro, OR 97124 Intel 5,431 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
Come join the Platform Application Engineering team in Intel's Server division. You will be conducting multidisciplinary work in the customer enabling team to grow your skillset in server manageability firmware enabling and debug. 
Your specific role will have opportunity to but not limited to the following: 
Influence new product definitions, assist customer in building Xeon based servers by delivering design specs, technical training. 
Debugging and resolving firmware issues and working closely with customers in resolving their issues. 
Initiate and contribute to overall design and development of new ideas and products and impact company's revenue by helping customers launch their products on time. 
Work closely with different teams within Intel to create documentation and collateral for customer enabling as well as work with teams across multiple geos in defining the customer enabling process. 
The ideal candidate will be: 
Highly motivated self-starter 
Collaborative team player with strong interpersonal skills. 
Excellent communicator 
Comfortable working in a fast-paced environment 
Qualifications 
Minimum Qualifications 
Bachelor's degree or higher in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science or related 
6+ months experience through internships or course work in Computer Architecture and Operating Systems. 
6+ months experience of either Python/C/C++ programming. 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Platforms Engineering and Architecture (DPEA) Group invents, designs & builds the world's most critical computing platforms which fuel Intel's most important business and solve the world's most fundamental problems. DPEA enables that data center which is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Other Locations 
 
US, Texas, Austin 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel 24 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Platform Engineer jobs in Hillsboro, OR Jobs at Intel in Hillsboro, OR Platform Engineer salaries in Hillsboro, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,431 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
