
 
 
 
 Tenured/Tenure Track: Open Rank - College Station, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Tenured/Tenure Track: Open Rank Texas A&M University 1,393 reviews College Station, TX Texas A&M University 1,393 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Tenure track Tenured Full Job Description Description 
 The College of Engineering at Texas A&M University invites applications for a full-time tenured or tenure-track faculty position with a 9-month academic appointment, and the possibility of an additional summer appointment contingent upon need and availability of funds, beginning September 1, 2021. Applicants will be considered for the faculty titles of assistant, associate or full professor in the most suitable academic department(s). Candidates should have expertise in areas related to autonomous systems and wireless networks. These may include the following: modeling, simulation and testing of autonomous platforms; unmanned aerial and ground systems; advanced instrumentation and computational support; robotics and human-machine interactions; mapping, localization, perception and sensor fusion; guidance, navigation and control for autonomous systems; algorithmic and early-stage design; robust and resilient wireless networks; machine learning, multi-agent artificial intelligence and expert systems. 
 Individuals will be expected to develop an independent, externally funded research program but opportunities to collaborate with faculty members within various departments and across the university are anticipated. Interest or experience in teaching at the graduate and undergraduate levels and engaging in the development of new courses and course material is expected, as is participation in all aspects of a department’s activities and service to the profession. Resources will be provided to facilitate the initiation of independent research activities. 
 The George H.W. Bush Combat Development Complex 
 The successful candidate will hold an assistant, associate or full professor position in the most suitable academic department(s) in the College of Engineering at Texas A&M University. The candidate will be expected to collaborate with faculty members and professional staff of the George H.W. Bush Combat Development Complex (BCDC). 
 The BCDC, located on the 2,000-acre RELLIS Campus in Bryan, TX, is an ecosystem for agile technology development and service-member-inspired research. The BCDC is the result of a partnership between the U.S. Army Futures Command and The Texas A&M University System, Texas A&M Engineering Experiment Station and the State of Texas. The $200 million complex is designed to bring together researchers from U.S. universities, the military and the private sector for collaboration, demonstrations and high-tech testing of initiatives to help accelerate military innovation for our nation’s defense. 
 The College of Engineering at Texas A&M University 
 Texas A&M University is located in the twin cities of Bryan and College Station, TX, with a population of more than 273,000, and is conveniently located in a triangle formed by Dallas, Houston and Austin. Texas A&M has more than 69,300 graduate and undergraduate students enrolled. Research expenditures at Texas A&M total more than $922 million annually, ranking in the top tier of universities nationwide. With an endowment valued at more than $11.5 billion, the university ranks third among U.S. public universities and eighth overall. Texas A&M is aware that attracting and retaining exceptional faculty often depends on meeting the needs of two careers and having policies that contribute to work-life balance. For more information visit http://dof.tamu.edu/Faculty- Resources/CURRENT-FACULTY/Faculty-Work-Life. With close to 700 faculty members and more than 20,000 students, the College of Engineering is one of the largest engineering schools in the country. The college is ranked eighth in graduate studies and eighth in undergraduate programs among public institutions by  U.S. News & World Report,  with seven of the college’s 14 departments ranked in the Top 10. The college is also ranked 3rd in research expenditures by the American Society for Engineering Education. Texas A&M University 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Texas A&M University in College Station, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Texas A&M University Texas A&M University 1,393 reviews Texas A&M University  is a coeducational public research university located in College Station, Texas, United States. It is the flagship ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
