
 
 
 
 Business Analyst - Bentonville, AR 72712 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Analyst UST Global 942 reviews Bentonville, AR 72712 Remote UST Global 942 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Sr. Business Analyst with Mandarin/Chinese skills
 
 
Job description
 
 
UST Global® is a leading provider of platforms; digital innovation; artificial Intelligence and end-to-end IT & Business services and solutions for Global 1000 companies. We are transforming corporations through deep domain expertise; knowledge-based ML platforms; as well as profound anthropological efforts to understand the end customer and design products and interactions that create delight. We are deeply committed to developing a comprehensive understanding of our clients’ problems and to develop platforms to address them. 
 
 
 
The Sr. Business Analyst is responsible capture the business needs of customer; understand customer business problems and formulate industry business solutions; build business architecture; develop business storylines for the technology development team; analyse the data & facts and provides insights and trends. They are also required to interpret; use and apply information contained within business architecture to inform a range of business improvement activities; particularly those involved in the design; development; enhancement and maintenance of business support functions.
 
 
Translate English documents to Chinese and Chinese documents to English
 
 
Roles and Responsibilities
 
 
The Sr Business Analyst will
 
 
 Business Analysis - MUST Speak Mandarin/Chinese
 Requirement elicitation and analysis
 Create documentation
 Translate Chinese to English
 Coordinate meetings
 SQL/Data base knowledge
 Work with technical team to translate requirements 
 
 
Must have Skills
 
 
The Sr. Business Analyst combines many different skills and experiences to address and solve business; information; and technology related opportunities; and problems. The ideal candidate is
 
 
 5 + year of experience in business analysis
 Must speak and write Chinese and English
 Able to translate English to Chinese and Chinese to English
 Willing to work in US/China time zones as needed
 Retail business knowledge is a plus 
 
 
UST Global offers a diversified and attractive international environment. We will offer an attractive package which will be based on your experience and profile; including a competitive salary; a performance related annual bonus and additional benefits.
 
 
This position will be based in Bentonville; Work from home option is available UST Global 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Analyst jobs in Bentonville, AR Jobs at UST Global in Bentonville, AR Business Analyst salaries in Bentonville, AR Company Info Follow Get job updates from UST Global UST Global 942 reviews UST is a global digital transformations solutions provider. For more than 20 years, UST has worked side by side with the world’s best com... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
