
 
 
 
 Director, Financial Planning & Analysis-Healthcare - Burlington, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Financial Planning & Analysis-Healthcare Nuance 474 reviews Burlington, MA Nuance 474 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Overview:
 
Nuance is the pioneer and leader in conversational artificial intelligence (AI) innovations that bring intelligence to everyday work and life. We deliver solutions that understand, analyze, and respond to people, amplifying human intelligence to increase productivity and improve security. With decades of both domain and AI expertise, we work with thousands of organizations across a wide range of industries. 
Check out our team  Life at Nuance ! 
Join our team! At Nuance, we are constantly reinventing how people connect with technology and with each other. Our AI-powered solutions empower organizations to transform “business as usual.” For decades, the world’s leading financial, healthcare, telecommunications, retailers, and government organizations have trusted Nuance to bring them award-winning solutions that deliver more meaningful outcomes and empower a smarter, more connected world. From clinical speech recognition technologies that free physicians to spend more time caring for patients to real-time intelligence that powers billions of customer interactions, we’re deeply committed to helping organizations push the boundaries of what’s possible. 
Job Summary: 
Our Nuance Finance Team is seeking a  Director of FP&A  to partner with the General Manager of a $200M strategic line of business within our Healthcare Division. This line of business has a 70% market share for its core product in North America and is expected to experience meaningful double-digit growth as we remonetize our installed base with an on-premise to cloud subscription transition, leverage new cross-sell opportunities, expand internationally, and continue to experience growth with our core products in our core markets. 
 The ideal candidate is a highly motivated, hands-on, results oriented, analytical finance leader who is comfortable in a fast-paced, growth environment, takes pride in their work, owns their responsibilities, and just cannot help but to improve the environment around them. While considered a director level role here, this position will not have any direct reports. They will however have opportunity and cause to provide mentorship and guidance to more junior members of the team. 
This talented individual will work out of our Burlington, MA offices once we go back to working on-site sometime later in 2021. 
Key Responsibilities: 
Own all aspects of the financial model for this $200M strategic line of business, from the serviceable market opportunity and unit economic profile down to the P&L and all associated economic drivers. You are the financial subject matter expert. 
Provide financial leadership, insights and analysis to the Healthcare Division Leader, Business Unit General Manager, CFO, Business Unit Finance VP and Head of FP&A. Your understanding of the business combined with your solid financial acumen and ability to analyze and draw insights from complex data sets is essential for sound decision making. 
Lead the multi-year, annual and quarterly planning and forecasting processes for the line of business. This involves building an innovative financial model supported by key trends, unit economics and performance metrics to build confidence in its accuracy. Your model is the critical foundation needed to understand how we achieve the desired growth objectives and where management needs to focus their attention. 
Develop and manage a weekly, monthly and quarterly management reporting cadence that provides continuous insight into the performance of the business, including trends, variances and risk assessments. Your reporting and communication of key messages ensures senior leadership maintains focus on what matters most and has an opportunity quickly remediate issues. 
Lead financial diligence efforts for all acquisition activity related to the line of business. 
Work collaboratively across the organization to establish and continuously improves processes needed to enable growth. 
Partner with the business and accounting to manage the monthly and quarterly close 
Qualifications: 
Bachelor’s degree in finance, accounting or related field (MBA preferred) 
10+ years of experience and growth within technology business with subscription or SAAS business model (experience transitioning from on-premise perpetual to cloud subscription model preferred) 
Demonstrated success in developing and executing financial planning, budgeting, and forecasting processes in a fast paced and complex organization 
Self-directed, highly organized, adaptable change agent with the ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects simultaneously 
Keen analytical acumen to evaluate and articulate the financial and operational impact of business model transitions
 Exemplifies initiative, intelligence, strong attention to detail, and integrity in striving for continuous process improvement
 Exceptional leadership and communication skills (written and verbal), strong business acumen and comfortable working with and building trusted relationships with all levels of an organization
 Expert level in Microsoft Excel, Hyperion (or equivalent EPM system) and BI tools 
 
Additional Information:
 
Nuance offers a compelling and rewarding work environment. We offer market competitive salaries, bonus, equity, benefits, meaningful growth and development opportunities and a casual yet technically challenging work environment. Join our dynamic, entrepreneurial team and become part of our continuing success. 
Nuance celebrates diversity and is proud to be an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action workplace. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, military and veteran status, disability, genetics, or any other category protected by law or Nuance policy. If you need an accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please call  781-565-5086  and let us know. Nuance 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Financial Planning and Analysis jobs in Burlington, MA Jobs at Nuance in Burlington, MA Director of Financial Planning and Analysis salaries in Burlington, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nuance Nuance 474 reviews Nuance Communications, Inc. is the pioneer and leader in conversational AI innovations that bring intelligence to everyday work and life.... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
