
 
 
 
 GM International Operations - Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search GM International Operations Curai Palo Alto, CA Remote Curai is an early-stage startup with a mission to provide the world's best healthcare to everyone. We're building a patient-facing service using a unique hybrid of world-class artificial intelligence combined with dedicated human practitioners to improve quality and lower the cost and friction of accessing health care. 
As a team, we strive to stay curious, build a high-performance and inclusive work environment, and empower one another. These behaviors are reflected in our company values. 
We are looking for an outgoing self-starter who is able to coordinate cross-functionally and execute our expansion strategy. The GM of International Operations will lead Curai's operational expansion in strategic international locations to support its growth objectives. This person will be responsible for service delivery and quality from offshore teams. 
In this role you will: 
Remotely launch and manage Curai Health Operations outside of the United States. Work with internal and external recruiting, legal, and insurance resources to set up services. 
Develop and manage a high-quality, reliable provider network that ensures patients are able to have high-quality chats when they request one. 
Conduct data analysis to determine the number of providers needed to meet service level agreements. 
Hire and manage a team of operations managers to ensure consistent provider and patient support. 
Work with other operations team members to share findings and implement best practices. 
Develop and execute scalable strategies and experiments to improve your operational goals. 
Collect provider feedback related to technical or process improvements and communicate to company stakeholders to drive continuous operational improvement. 
Build an offshore operations team with the capabilities to ramp up operations 5x within a 12-month period 
Develop and execute a global operations strategy that provides the best balance of quality and cost to support Curai's mission 
Support US Operations and Product with continuous process optimization in order to achieve cost efficiency and patient retention 
Support improvements to the Curai Health AI model through operational data gathering accuracy 
Work closely with US operations to identify functional areas that could benefit from a distributed team outside of the United States in countries such as India, the Philippines, and Ukraine 
Drive operational efficiency with the goal of improving customer satisfaction. 
Implement new sourcing strategy and partnerships to procure quality clinical talent to, increase the top of the funnel by 2X 
Identify focus areas that could yield the biggest gains in quality, retention & process efficiency 
Make improvements to the screening, onboarding process to reduce clinical associate drop off 
Optimize key metrics to measure India operations and update performance reporting tools for India operations 
Daily/ weekly operating metrics measurement & reporting 
Sourcing, onboarding, scheduling 
Research & present options for an Indian legal entity (Subsidiary/Third Party) in order to create a permanent India footprint 
Bachelor's degree required, healthcare background preferred 
A proven track record: 5+ years of business management or operations experience in a dynamic environment. 
A self-starter who thrives in ambiguity: Launching a new business model isn't easy, and there isn't an existing plan for you to follow. You'll have the support of your manager and cross-functional partners, but you'll need to be the one driving this forward autonomously. 
A leader who wants to be involved in strategy and management at the top level, but also isn’t scared to get their hands dirty and do what needs to be done to make things happen! 
A willingness to 'get into the weeds' and a continuous improvement attitude: devise and execute on improvement opportunities. 
Strong Excel and data management skills as well as demonstrated ability to analyze and interpret data in spreadsheet or graph formats 
Excellent verbal and written communications skills 
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision yet maintain team level participation 
Ability to take initiative and prioritize in a fast-paced work environment 
Data-driven, decision-making mentality and sound business judgment through strong analytical thinking and experimentation 
Comfortable dealing with uncertainty in a constantly changing work environment 
Excellent organizational skills 
Ability to add to our already strong culture of candor with empathy 
We offer competitive compensation, and the ability to leave your footprint in the early stages of a company that will change the world. We are a remote-first company located in Palo Alto, in the heart of Silicon Valley. If you’re interested, email us! 
In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination/harassment based on race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, marital domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, or veteran status. We are committed to building a diverse and inclusive environment at Curai. Curai 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job General Manager jobs in Palo Alto, CA Jobs at Curai in Palo Alto, CA General Manager salaries in Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Curai Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
