
 
 
 
 Quantitative Researcher - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Quantitative Researcher Moody's Corporation 463 reviews San Francisco, CA Moody's Corporation 463 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Role/Responsibilities 
 As a quantitative researcher/modeler in the Modeling and Advisory team of Commercial Real Estate (CRE) Operating Unit, you will work with a team of researchers and data scientists to conduct quantitative research and to develop statistical models. The role will also involve partnering with other teams to implement the analytics solutions and to integrate rich CRE data with powerful analytics. 
 Responsibilities: 
Conduct complex theoretical and empirical research on commercial real estate.
 Collaborate with researchers and data scientists on research projects. 
Apply established econometric and innovative machine learning techniques to analyse large data sets. 
Partner with engineering teams or implementation researchers to deploy completed research through various technology channels. 
Present analytic findings to technical and non-technical audiences internally and externally. 
 Qualifications 
 Masters or Ph.D. in finance, economics, mathematics, statistics, computer science, engineering, or a closely related field
 Background in empirical research, statistical analysis and quantitative modelling
 Proficiency with programming languages such as R or Python 
Excellent written, verbal, and presentation communication skills 
Experience leveraging techniques in machine learning and artificial intelligence is a plus 
Familiarity with cloud computing environments and spatial big data is a plus 
 LOB/Cost Center 
 CRE 
 Job Req ID 
 20777BR 
 Entity 
 Moody's Analytics (MA) 
 Line of Business 
 Commercial Real Estate OU (CRE OU) 
 Regular/Temporary 
 Regular 
 City 
 San Francisco
 Job Category 
 Credit Analysis & Research
 Job Sub Category 
 Quantitative Research 
 Experience Level 
 Experienced Hire 
 Working at Moody's 
 Moody's (NYSE: MCO) is a global integrated risk assessment firm that empowers organizations to make better decisions. Our data, analytical solutions and insights help decision-makers identify opportunities and manage the risks of doing business with others. We believe that greater transparency, more informed decisions, and fair access to information open the door to shared progress. With over 11,000 employees in more than 40 countries, Moody's combines international presence with local expertise and over a century of experience in financial markets. Learn more at moodys.com. 
 Entity 
 Moody’s Analytics provides financial intelligence and analytical tools supporting our clients’ growth, efficiency and risk management objectives. The combination of our unparalleled expertise in risk, expansive information resources, and innovative application of technology, helps today’s business leaders confidently navigate an evolving marketplace. 
 EEO Policy 
 Moody’s is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, gender, age, religion, national origin, citizen status, marital status, physical or mental disability, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Moody’s also provides reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with applicable laws. If you need to inquire about a reasonable accommodation, or need assistance with completing the application process, please email accommodations@moodys.com. This contact information is for accommodation requests only, and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.
 
 
For San Francisco positions, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For New York City positions, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of the New York City Fair Chance Act. For all other applicants, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of applicable law.
 
 
Click here to view our full EEO policy statement. Click here for more information on your EEO rights under the law. Click here to view our Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination statement. 
 Securities Trading Policy (STP) 
 Candidates for Moody's Corporation may be asked to disclose securities holdings pursuant to Moody’s Policy for Securities Trading and the requirements of the position. Employment is contingent upon compliance with the Policy, including remediation of positions in those holdings as necessary. Moody's Corporation 25 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Moody's Corporation in San Francisco, CA Researcher salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Moody's Corporation Moody's Corporation 463 reviews Moody's is an essential component of the global capital markets, providing credit ratings, research, tools and analysis that contribute t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
