
 
 
 
 AI Research Scientist – Machine Learning & eXplainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) - Sunnyvale, CA 94085 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Research Scientist – Machine Learning & eXplainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) Bosch Group 6,638 reviews Sunnyvale, CA 94085 Bosch Group 6,638 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Description 
The Bosch Research and Technology Center North America with offices in Sunnyvale, California, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and Cambridge, Massachusetts is part of the global Bosch Group (www.bosch.com), a company with over 70 billion euro revenue, 400,000 people worldwide, a very diverse product portfolio, and a history of over 125 years. The Research and Technology Center North America (RTC-NA) is committed to providing technologies and system solutions for various Bosch business fields primarily in the areas of Human-Machine Collaboration (HMC), Robotics, Energy Technologies, Internet Technologies, Circuit Design, Semiconductors and Wireless, and MEMS Advanced Design. 
The focus of our global research on Human Machine Collaboration includes Big Data Visual Analytics, Explainable AI, Audio Analytics, NLP, Conversational AI, Mixed Reality and Smart Wearables, etc. We develop intuitive, interactive and intelligent solutions to enable inspiring UX for Bosch products and services in application areas such as autonomous driving, car infotainment and driver assistance systems (ADAS), Industry 4.0 and Internet of Things (IoT), security systems, smart home and building solutions, health care, and robotics. 
As a part of the global research unit, our  Visual Analytics & eXplainable AI  group is responsible for shaping the future industrial AI experience for Bosch products and services by combining cutting-edge technologies of machine learning, data analysis and interactive visualization. We research and develop scalable, transparent, and intelligent big data analytic solutions (e.g. audio, images, sensor logs) for various domains including Industry 4.0 (I4.0), IoT, autonomous driving, connected vehicles, etc. With our award-winning talents (IEEE VIS best paper & best paper runner-ups), we also actively collaborate with leading groups in academia and industry to promote research ideas and publish research findings in internationally renowned conferences and journals, e.g., IEEE VIS, TVCG, SIGKDD, NeurIPS, AAAI, ICML, ICASSP, Interspeech, and IEEE Signal Processing Magazine. 
 
 Job Description 
 
Conduct research and engineering in eXplainable AI (XAI) and machine learning for related business domains of autonomous driving, connected vehicles, Industry 4.0, IoT, car multimedia etc. 
Work with an international team of experts to transfer the results of advanced research to Bosch business units. When necessary, build prototypes to verify research ideas. 
Apply research results to real-world use cases with high quality implementation. Integrate the resulting systems/software into existing Bosch platforms. 
Actively scout for the latest technology and predict market trends by monitoring news, technical events and seminars. 
Provide expert opinions on relevant technology areas to management team to facilitate strategic planning, R&D roadmap development, and business investment. 
Summarize research findings in high-quality paper and/or patent submissions. 
 
 Qualifications 
Basic Qualifications: 
Ph.D in Computer Science or related fields 
3+ years of research experience or equivalent graduate research experience for eXplainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI), machine learning and deep learning algorithms & systems. 
Experience with one or more programming languages for machine learning applications (e.g. Python, C++) 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Strong publication records in top venues of machine learning, deep learning and computer vision (e.g., NeurIPS, ICML, ICRL, CVPR, IJCV, AAAI, and TVCG); 
Deep knowledge in machine learning and deep learning, with applications to eXplainable AI, computer vision, high-dimensional data analysis, and event sequence mining; 
Familiar with one or more main-stream machine learning platforms (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, and scikit-learn); 
Knowledge in full stack web development on both frontend (e.g., React, Vue.js, and D3.js) and backend (e.g., Flask, Django) 
Good communication and teamwork skills 
Good leadership skills to drive research topics. 
Additional Information 
BOSCH is a proud supporter of STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering & Mathematics) Initiatives 
FIRST Robotics (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) 
AWIM (A World In Motion) 
By choice, we are committed to a diverse workforce – EOE/Protected Veteran/Disabled. Bosch Group 26 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Sunnyvale, CA Jobs at Bosch Group in Sunnyvale, CA Research Scientist salaries in Sunnyvale, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Bosch Group Bosch Group 6,638 reviews The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 394,500 associates worldwide (as of December ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
