
 
 
 
 Cloud Software Engineers/Architects - Chandler, AZ 85226 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Cloud Software Engineers/Architects Intel 5,432 reviews Chandler, AZ 85226 Intel 5,432 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
The cloud is one of the most innovative areas in computing today, and the Cloud runs on Intel. Come and join us! 
The Cloud Enterprises Services Group (CESG) is part of the global Data Platforms Group (DPG) organization that develops the products and technologies that power 9 of every 10 servers sold worldwide. This includes high-end co-processors for supercomputers, low-energy systems for enterprise and the cloud, and solutions for big data and intelligent devices. And we are growing! 
We provide many different opportunities from low level programming through the software stack, all the way up to applications. Because we have so many positions, and the landscape is ever-changing, this is an avenue to submit your resume to be highlighted to a team of our hiring managers. Are you ready for an innovative career with a world-class company? 
Apply now and we'll highlight your resume to the Hiring Team! By applying, you open yourself up for maximum exposure across multiple teams, business units, and opportunities at Intel. If your skills meet an upcoming hiring need, you will be contacted by someone from our Hiring Team to connect with you. 
Please also continue applying to other positions that are a fit at http://jobs.intel.com and we look forward to working with you! 
 
 We are actively looking to meet: 
Cloud Software Services Architects 
Cloud Software AI Architects 
Cloud Infrastructure Software Architects 
Cloud Software Engineers 
Important:  Please be informed that Intel is proactively trying to find candidates for Software and Firmware Positions, which are frequently available at Intel. Please note that while these positions may not be available at this time, we will be attempting to highlight your profile to several Managers that frequently hire for these positions. If you would be interested in these types of roles when they become available, we would encourage you to apply here. 
Qualifications 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Center Group (DCG) is at the heart of Intel’s transformation from a PC company to a company that runs the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. The data center is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Other Locations 
US, Oregon, Hillsboro; 
 
 
 Posting Statement 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. 
Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in US, Colorado: 
$130,020.00-$195,420.00 
Benefits: 
We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock, bonuses, and benefit programs. Find more information about our Amazing Benefits here Intel 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in Chandler, AZ Jobs at Intel in Chandler, AZ Software Architect salaries in Chandler, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,432 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
