
 
 
 
 Cloud Solutions Engineering Undergraduate Intern - Hillsboro, OR 97124 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Cloud Solutions Engineering Undergraduate Intern Intel 5,432 reviews Hillsboro, OR 97124 Intel 5,432 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Temporary Full Job Description Job Description 
As a Cloud Solutions Engineering Intern you'll be responsible for but not limited to the following. Characterize performance bottlenecks of Intel products across Cloud Service Provider workloads such as HPC, OLTP and Machine learning. Find optimization opportunities in the next Gen CPU Architecture. Deep dive into both hardware and software of CSP workloads to understand full system architecture and performance. Design and implement proxy workloads to emulate customer scenarios. 
Responsibilities may be quite diverse and of technical nature US experience and education requirements will vary significantly depending on the unique needs of the job. Job assignments are usually for the summer or for short periods during breaks from school. Responsibilities may include but are not limited to: 
Candidate will creatively apply the technical knowhow systems thinking analytical thinking prototyping and testing knowledge against design constraints and boundary conditions industrial design cost performance criteria and other design constraints to research develop and productive mass producible solutions. 
The ideal candidate should exhibit the following behavioral traits: 
Self-motivated individual willing to take and follow directions and deliver to schedule 
Communication and interpersonal skills 
Quantitative analytical and problem solving skills problem conflict resolution skills 
Effective prioritization and time management skills 
Willingness to motivate the team to deliver 
Demonstrated Customer communications skills as internal external customer interaction is critical for this job 
The length of the internship: Minimum of 3 months. 
Qualifications 
Candidate must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work, classes, research and/or relevant previous job and/or internship experiences. 
This is an entry level position and it will be compensated accordingly. 
This position is not   eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of US Workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM contributing positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor’s degree with three years’ related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel Sponsorship because it is either (1) a non-STEM contributing position, or (2) a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor’s degree and less than three years’ experience. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
The candidate must be pursuing a BS degree in Computer Science Electrical engineering or related field. 
Minimum of 3 months experience in the following areas: 
Fundamentals in CPU architecture 
CC, Python, Java, Github programmi 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Center Group (DCG) is at the heart of Intel’s transformation from a PC company to a company that runs the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. The data center is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Other Locations 
 
Virtual US and Canada 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. 
Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in US, Colorado: 
$52,000.00-$147,000.00 (Hourly Role) 
Benefits: 
We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock, bonuses, and benefit programs. Find more information about our Amazing Benefits here Intel Today original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Cloud Engineer jobs in Hillsboro, OR Jobs at Intel in Hillsboro, OR Cloud Engineer salaries in Hillsboro, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,432 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
