
 
 
 
 AI/ML - Pipeline Operations Manager, Siri Experience - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML - Pipeline Operations Manager, Siri Experience Apple 10,185 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Apple 10,185 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Summary 
Posted:  May 5, 2021 
Role Number: 200245330 
Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Create groundbreaking technology for artificial intelligence. Transform the way people find their favorite movies and TV shows, watch sports, listen to music, interact with their smart home and much more. Work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking! Join the Siri team at Apple. The Engineering Efficiency team is looking for exceptional leaders who are excited about building a team to operate and automate the delivery of new experiences on Siri.
We are working to take the release of Siri server and machine learning models to the next level (think Siri). We don’t have all of the answers on how to do that yet, perhaps you do? We are exploring, measuring and trying new things. We are responsible for running release management and deploying all of the server code and machine learning models for Siri that affect 1 billion+ customers. This isn’t just a theoretical exercise. We won’t be satisfied with anything less than outstanding. If you are excited about the challenges of making development and releases more efficient while every part of the system is advancing, come help us solve these problems and be part of improving engineering efficiency across the Siri and AIML organization!
In this role, you will lead a distributed team playing a part in ensuring the quality and delivery of groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, natural language, big data, and artificial intelligence to end users. You will be leading conversations with various multi-functional teams of engineering and project management. You will lead them to identify issues, root cause, fix and prevent build and infrastructure failures, ensure frictionless delivery of features and make lives of our AIML organization better. 
Key Qualifications 
6+ years in roles as DevOps, SRE, SDET or TE/QE, at least 2 years leading an engineering team or operations team 
Experience working with engineering and project management teams 
Leadership skills such as making presentations to leadership, running war rooms, inspiring teams, and influencing the organization to improve quality and coding best practices 
Excellent communication skills (verbal and written), time-management skills and attention to detail 
Track record of empowering your team to deliver results independently as part of a geographically diverse team 
Proven ability to bring a positive, courteous, and engaged attitude to all interactions by "owning" the customer experience. You are comfortable providing support to all, including executive leadership 
Troubleshooting and debugging skills: Analyze and investigate test failures, errors, infrastructure and build issues 
Have a deep understanding of release engineering, branching and software configuration management 
Experience in troubleshooting large distributed applications or mobile client applications 
Description 
You will be tasked with streamlining build and deployment processes for many interdependent projects and machine learning models. You will be a part of a fast-paced environment with rapidly changing priorities, collaborating with server engineers and data scientists. You will help design CI systems to optimize the build, test, and deployment cycle times for various projects. This is not a team of strict software engineers but it requires a good engineering background. Your team will be split across Build/CI (50%), DevOps (40%) and Automation (10%). Your strategic goals will be to build a team that automates operational tasks to that are required to run the CI pipeline for ML models and server code, to define new processes that fill process and technology gaps that you and your team identify. You will start by learning to use the tools to pre-validate build-time issues, get a deep knowledge of Apple internal tools and processes. In the next year, you will have built a solid foundation and team that defines the processes and ensures the successful operations of a CI solution that has improved Siri engineers’ experience. 
Education & Experience 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent work experience 
Additional Requirements 
Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. Apple 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Operations Manager jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Operations Manager salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,185 reviews This is where you can do the best work of your life. Where you’ll join some of the world’s smartest, most innovative people to create ama... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
