
 
 
 
 Advanced Business Systems Specialist - Taunton, MA 02780 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Advanced Business Systems Specialist General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 415 reviews Taunton, MA 02780 General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 415 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $69,782 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Basic Qualifications :
 
Bachelor’s degree in a computer science, information technology, engineering, or scientific field or the equivalent is required plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 3 years of relevant experience. 
 
 CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS: 
Department of Defense Secret security clearance is required within a reasonable period of time. Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required. 
Responsibilities for this Position:
 
Imagine a world-class engineering environment. Now add a team of exceptional talent along with technologies that are so advanced they’re often classified. That’s what you’ll find at General Dynamics Mission Systems. Here you’ll lead amazing engineers as they invent the technologies, products and services that help our service members, intelligence analysts and first responders keep our nation safe. If you want the chance to lead, it’s time to bring your talent to General Dynamics Mission Systems. 
 
We apply advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, AR/VR, Cloud Native and Quantum Physics to solve our customers’ missions in cyber, RF, undersea, interstellar and everything in between. 
 
The Advanced Business Systems Specialist position is a blend of traditional Business Analyst and Systems Analyst disciplines. You’ll be expected to utilize your technical expertise to consult and collaborate with business leaders, IT staff, and other third parties to develop, deliver, and optimize business capabilities and information technology systems. You’ll often act as integrated team lead and facilitate small projects or initiatives. It’s an exceptional challenge and for a true leader, it’s an equally exceptional opportunity. 
What you’ll experience: 
Technologies that aren’t just top-notch, they’re often top-secret 
A team of bold thinkers committed to exploring what’s next 
Opportunities to gain new knowledge - as it’s discovered 
What you bring to the table: 
Bachelor’s degree in a computer science, information technology, engineering, or scientific field or the equivalent plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 3 years of relevant experience 
Solid knowledge on how IT solutions are constructed 
Solid understanding of solutions development methodologies (e.g. DevOps, Agile, Software Development Lifecycle, etc.) 
What sets you apart: 
Prior work experience as a Business Analyst or Systems Analyst capturing, analyzing, and translating business requirements, specifications, processes, and business cases 
Creative thinking with the ability to multi-task 
Commitment to ongoing professional development 
Minimum Salary: USD $69,782.00/Yr. Maximum Salary: USD $118,818.00/Yr. Salary Note: This is the likely salary range for this position. This is not, however, a guarantee of compensation or salary; rather, salary will be set based on experience, geographic location and possibly contractual requirements and could fall outside of this range. Company Overview:
 
General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS)  engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 12,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team! 
 
General Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/Disability/Veteran General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Systems Analyst jobs in Taunton, MA Jobs at General Dynamics Mission Systems in Taunton, MA Business Systems Analyst salaries in Taunton, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 415 reviews General Dynamics Mission Systems is a business unit of General Dynamics, the global aerospace and defense company. We are a leading provi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
