
 
 
 
 Earth-System Modeling Scientist - Los Alamos, NM - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Earth-System Modeling Scientist Los Alamos National Laboratory 271 reviews Los Alamos, NM Los Alamos National Laboratory 271 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $94,100 a year Full Job Description What You Will Do 
 The Computational Physics and Methods group at Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) is seeking qualified applicants in the areas of artificial intelligence / machine learning for Earth-system predictability and modeling. Candidates with experience in modeling and analyzing climate processes using innovative artificial intelligence / machine learning techniques are especially encouraged to apply. The successful candidate will contribute to development and application of the Energy Exascale Earth System Model (E3SM), the DOE’s new Earth system model, to address science questions relevant to DOE’s missions. Los Alamos National Laboratory is focused on the role of ocean and ice systems in high-latitude and global climate, marine biogeochemistry, land-river-ocean interactions, and the impacts of sea-level rise. The candidate will be expected to perform outstanding research in at least one of these areas, including using E3SM for fully coupled, global, variable-resolution simulations of the Earth system. 
 The successful candidate will:
 Work as an integral member of one or more multidisciplinary teams that study Earth’s high-latitude climate and coastal systems.
 Advance understanding of predictability of the high-latitude and/or coastal Earth systems, by developing and applying innovative approaches to
 Improve the initialization of climate models;
 Analyze large data sets, including large ensembles of climate models; and/or
 Build predictive models based on observations and model simulations.
 Present progress to the team, project management and sponsors, and the scientific community through peer-reviewed publications and conference presentations. 
 
 
 What You Need 
 Minimum Job Requirements:
 Experience with artificial intelligence and machine learning approaches;
 Demonstrated knowledge of the dynamics of the climate system or its components;
 Demonstrated excellence in scientific research as evidenced by a strong record of peer-reviewed publications;
 Ability to work effectively in interdisciplinary teams;
 Excellent oral and written communications skills;
 Demonstrated initiative for continuous learning and development in new areas of research.
 Education/Experience:  Ph.D. in climate science or related discipline, applied mathematics, computer science, physics, or another related field. 
 Desired Qualifications:
 Experience in coastal, ocean, or Earth system modeling or model analysis;
 Previous experience in artificial intelligence / machine learning that could be applicable to coastal or estuarine modeling (as evidenced by scientific code releases);
 Experience mentoring students, postdocs or junior staff;
 Experience developing and writing successful research grant proposals.
 Location:  This position will be physically located in Los Alamos. 
 
 
 Where You Will Work 
 Located in beautiful northern New Mexico, Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) is a multidisciplinary research institution engaged in strategic science on behalf of national security. Our generous benefits package includes:
 PPO or High Deductible medical insurance with the same large nationwide network
 Dental and vision insurance
 Free basic life and disability insurance
 Paid maternity and parental leave
 Award-winning 401(k) (6% matching plus 3.5% annually)
 Learning opportunities and tuition assistance
 Flexible schedules and time off (paid sick, vacation, and holidays)
 Onsite gyms and wellness programs
 Extensive relocation packages (outside a 50 mile radius) 
 
 
 Additional Details
 Directive 206.2  - Employment with Triad requires a favorable decision by NNSA indicating employee is suitable under NNSA Supplemental Directive 206.2 . Please note that this requirement applies only to citizens of the United States. Foreign nationals are subject to a similar requirement under DOE Order 142.3A.
 No Clearance:  Position does not require a security clearance. Selected candidates will be subject to drug testing and other pre-employment background checks.
 New-Employment Drug Test:  The Laboratory requires successful applicants to complete a new-employment drug test and maintains a substance abuse policy that includes random drug testing. 
 Regular position:  Term status Laboratory employees applying for regular-status positions are converted to regular status. 
 Position commitment:  Regular appointment employees are required to serve a period of continuous service in their current position in order to be eligible to apply for posted jobs throughout the Laboratory. If an employee has not served the time required, they may only apply for Laboratory jobs with the documented approval of their Division Leader. The position commitment for this position is 1 year. 
 Internal applicants, please refer to Laboratory Policy P701 for full applicant eligibility requirements 
 Equal Opportunity:  Los Alamos National Laboratory is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse and inclusive workforce. All employment practices are based on qualification and merit, without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation or preference, marital status or spousal affiliation, physical or mental disability, medical conditions, pregnancy, status as a protected veteran, genetic information, or citizenship within the limits imposed by federal laws and regulations. The Laboratory is also committed to making our workplace accessible to individuals with disabilities and will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, for individuals to participate in the application and hiring process. To request such an accommodation, please send an email to applyhelp@lanl.gov or call  1-505-665-4444  option 1. 
 
 
 
 
 Appointment Type  Regular
  
 Regular Los Alamos National Laboratory 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Model jobs in Los Alamos, NM Jobs at Los Alamos National Laboratory in Los Alamos, NM Model salaries in Los Alamos, NM Company Info Follow Get job updates from Los Alamos National Laboratory Los Alamos National Laboratory 271 reviews Los Alamos National Laboratory is a multidisciplinary research institution engaged in strategic science on behalf of national security. W... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
