
 
 
 
 Senior Program Manager - Sunnyvale, CA 94085 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Program Manager Microsoft 7,110 reviews Sunnyvale, CA 94085 Microsoft 7,110 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The PowerPoint team's mission is to empower people and organizations to tell the world’s most compelling stories to anyone, anywhere. Professionals in every industry entrust us with their sales pitches, marketing plans, engineering discussions, and advocacy of causes big and small. Beyond the professional settings, people choose PowerPoint to create photo albums, wedding stories, and memorials to recognize life’s most important moments. From the serious to the whimsical, from personal to professional- the stories spanning the gamut of life are told in PowerPoint. 
Responsibilities 
Our team is responsible for delivering modern storytelling experiences to PowerPoint customers on any device, anywhere on the planet. We are revolutionizing PowerPoint for the web, bringing the functionality and performance that customers expect from our desktop applications to the ubiquity of the web browser. With PowerPoint Designer and Presenter Coach, we have unleashed the power of artificial intelligence to delight presenters and audiences alike. PowerPoint Live delivers the information presenters need to share their story and connect with the audience, while enabling the audience to personalize their viewing experience. And PowerPoint is collaborative, with real-time updates and notifications, so everyone can build their stories together. We’re looking for a customer-focused program manager to join us on this mission to empower the next generation of storytellers. 
The successful candidate for this role will be responsible for collaborating with user research, design, engineering and feature teams across Microsoft to deliver best-in-class consumption, creation, and presentation experiences. This team member will be responsible for delivering features and capabilities which provide a cohesive experience across the devices people most commonly use. 
Passion for engaging with all customers, from IT departments to creative directors, professional speakers, students, teachers, information workers, social media influencers, independent software vendors – and proven ability to identify, design, and deliver product capabilities to address their needs will enable you to be successful in this role. 
We would love to meet candidates who are excited to wallow in data to find customer and market insights to inform our product roadmaps and define our investments. 
Qualifications 
Qualifications: 
5+ years of experience in product or program management 
Proven ability to design, deliver, and iterate on complex projects with a diverse set of stakeholders 
Experience with customer-centric and data-driven insights creation, product specification and validation 
Demonstrated effective communication skills, with the ability to influence across disciplines and with a diverse set of customers 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Program Manager jobs in Sunnyvale, CA Jobs at Microsoft in Sunnyvale, CA Senior Program Manager salaries in Sunnyvale, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,110 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
