
 
 
 
 Senior Tools Development Engineer - San Jose, CA 95002 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Tools Development Engineer Hewlett Packard Enterprise 4,787 reviews San Jose, CA 95002 Hewlett Packard Enterprise 4,787 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $122,300 - $177,800 a year Full Job Description 1080398 Sr. Tools Development Engineer 
Job Description 
Senior Tools Development Engineer 
Design and develop tools for internal engineering teams including test automation frameworks, automated infrastructure deployment tools, storage load generation / data integrity test tools, build and release automation, and similar. The primary development environment is Python, with other languages and tools as appropriate. 
Responsibilities: 
Collect requirements, design and develop new tools for internal engineering customers. 
Design robust automation framework for running, managing, and reporting unit and functional tests. 
Maintain existing tools & infrastructure. 
Analyze, design, and develop new features based on the customers’ requirements. 
Evolve our continuous integration (CI) pipelines function in support of one or more of the products. 
Learn newer technologies and enhance existing system to be robust and efficient. 
Work in an agile development environment to organize and deliver working software in predictable iterations. 
Collaborate with Development, Release, Support, and QA Engineers to build efficient infrastructure, tools, and automation frameworks. 
About You: 
This position requires a self-driven individual with very strong technical and communication skills who can collaborate in a distributed team environment. 
A proficient and skilled software developer with a deep knowledge of Python and a front-end framework such as Angular or React. 
Solid understanding of Cloud Infrastructure, IaaS, & SaaS platforms, Git, Jenkins, Docker. 
Experience using databases such as MySQL. 
Experience with Elastic Search and NoSQL databases such as CouchDB and MongoDB. 
Passionate in the area of infrastructure and tools development. 
Strong logical, analytical and problem-solving skills. 
Self-motivated and able to deliver on tight schedules with minimal supervision. 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 
Able to guide and mentor less-experienced team members. 
Education and Experience Required: 
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, equivalent work experience. 
7+ years of experience at least in one of the following programming languages: Python, Perl, C, C++ 
Additional Preferred Knowledge and Skills: 
Strong Linux skills. 
VMware experience. 
REST API development experience. 
Understanding of CI/CD workflows. 
Knowledge of Ansible is a plus. 
Experience with PXE is a plus. 
Experience with Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning models, ML infrastructure, Natural Language Processing or Deep Learning – is a plus. 
#STORAGEUSLS 
What we can offer you: 
Extensive benefits, a competitive salary and participation in the shared values and purpose that make Hewlett Packard Enterprise one of the world´s most attractive employers! At HPE, our goal is to provide equal opportunities, flexible work-life balance, and constantly evolving career growth. 
If you are looking for challenges in an exciting, supportive and international work environment, then we definitely want to hear from you. Continue the conversation by clicking apply now below, or directly via our Careers Portal at www.hpe.com/careers. 
Join us and make your mark! 
Find out more about us and follow us on: 
https://www.facebook.com/HPECareers 
https://twitter.com/HPE_Careers 
HPE is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Veterans/Disabled/LGBT and Affirmative Action employer. We are committed to diversity and building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We do not discriminate and all decisions we make are made on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. Our goal is to be one global diverse team that is representative of our customers, in an inclusive environment where we can continue to innovate and grow together. 
We are legally required to provide the following information for candidates seeking to staff this role in Colorado. The Colorado expected salary/wage range for this position is listed immediately below, although we reserve the right to offer above this range for exceptional candidates. Actual offer may vary from this range based upon geographic location, work experience, education, and/or skill level. Bonus, commission, and/or equity may also be offered. Information about employee benefits offered can be found at http: explorebenefits.hpe.com (user id: benefits / password: preview).
 
Annual Salary: $122,300.00 - $177,800.00 
StorageUSLS 
1080398 Hewlett Packard Enterprise 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Tooling Engineer jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Hewlett Packard Enterprise in San Jose, CA Tooling Engineer salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Hewlett Packard Enterprise Hewlett Packard Enterprise 4,787 reviews Hewlett Packard Enterprise advances the way people live and work. 

What sets us apart? Our people. Our people’s relentless commitment ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
