
 
 
 
 Instructional Designer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Instructional Designer OutSystems 17 reviews Remote Remote OutSystems 17 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. About OutSystems 
 
The OutSystems low-code platform enables customers to facilitate digital transformation through massive efficiency gains in building and supporting enterprise-grade applications. By leveraging automation, artificial intelligence and deep technology integrations, software developers and business users can build applications through an intuitive, visual interface, rather than traditional coding. Customers experience tremendous cost savings and create competitive advantages by developing custom applications in days and weeks versus months and years, despite a shortage of skilled developers. 
 
Our software platform is revolutionizing how organizations build and deliver business-transforming applications. OutSystems is one of the fastest growing B2B software companies in the world, with a base in Lisbon, Portugal, international locations in Atlanta, Boston, London, Amsterdam, Dubai, Tokyo, Sydney, and Singapore, and customers in more than 52 countries. 
 Recognized as a leader in our market by top analyst firms, like Forrester and Gartner 
 Winner of multiple industry awards, including the prestigious CODiE award 
 Loved by customers who have voted us the best low-code software platform (Gartner Peer Reviews, TrustRadius, and G2 Crowd) 
 
 
 Working at OutSystems 
 
We don’t have many rules, but we have a lot of common sense. Our commitment to our culture is highlighted in The Small Book of the Few Big Rules, written by our Founder and CEO, Paulo Rosado. This commitment to culture has landed us in the top six Forbes Best Cloud Computing Companies and CEOs To Work For three years running 
 Disrupting the status quo is in our DNA. In fact, it’s why our company exists 
 We ask “why” a lot. It helps us connect our individual work to the bigger picture, and sometimes even uncover a better way 
 Curious about OutSystems culture? Find out more in The Small Book of the Few Big Rules. 
 
 
 Position summary 
 
 
Outsystems R&D team is growing, and fast. We are lifelong learners and are committed to improving our engineering onboarding experience for new hires as well as our ongoing technical learning paths. We are looking for an instructional designer and program owner to help us build a world class training program for the R&D team at Outsystems. This role is part of a new CTO Group, a team that is responsible for strategic program management on technical initiatives and cross-functional partnership. This team reports into the Chief Technology Officer over R&D. 
 
 Role responsibilities 
 Manage, own, and continuously improve the course creation process for instructors and Subject Matter Experts across our R&D Teams 
 Proactively identify gaps in training materials and tailor adult learning solutions to content and audience 
 Conduct secondary research on instructional design and learning science to create resources for internal teams on learning best practices. 
 Use your creativity to elevate our current level of virtual learning programs to a higher level of interaction, gaming, video production, simulations, certifications, badges and a sleek look and feel 
 Assist with creating messaging to drive attendance to the live training, positioning and other events to drive the most effective training programs on the market. 
 Support the ongoing maintenance and management of content assets owned to ensure all assets are accurate, current, and relevant 
 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Thrive and work well with others in fast-paced, highly demanding environment 
 3+ years of experience designing, developing, and leading learning/development training programs 
 Experience with design tools used in a learning creation environment (MS PowerPoint, Adobe Photoshop/Illustrator, Adobe Captivate, Articulate Storyline, Techsmith Camtasia). Proficiency within the Bridge Learning Management System is a plus. 
 Able to provide an eLearning portfolio or demonstrate ability to create high-quality eLearning products 
 Curiosity to understand the strategic priorities for Outsystems R&D to learn how we can best address any skills and knowledge gaps with a onboarding and continuing education program 
 Ability to create content by blending existing and new ideas. 
 Experience with producing content video and training transcripts. OutSystems 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Instructional Designer jobs in Remote Jobs at OutSystems in Remote Instructional Designer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from OutSystems OutSystems 17 reviews OutSystems is a global enterprise software company headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, in the United States. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
