
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Scientist / Engineer (ICLR 2021) - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Scientist / Engineer (ICLR 2021) Apple 10,187 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Apple 10,187 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  May 4, 2021 
Role Number: 200242638 
Imagine what you could do here! At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Combining groundbreaking machine learning techniques with next-generation hardware, our teams take user experiences to the next level.
We are looking for machine learning scientists and engineers to join our teams in Santa Clara Valley, Seattle, Pittsburgh, Boston, Beijing, Cambridge (UK), and Zurich.
This posting is for virtual attendees of the ICLR 2021 conference who are interested in full-time ML positions at Apple. 
Key Qualifications 
Strong background in machine learning and artificial intelligence with expertise in one or more of: computer vision, NLP, speech, optimization, deep learning, reinforcement learning, time series, generative models, signals, and distributed systems. 
Knowledge of common ML frameworks 
A passion for making ML methods robust and scalable 
Strong programming skills with proven experience crafting, prototyping, and delivering advanced algorithmic solutions 
Ability to explain and present analyses and machine learning concepts to a broad technical audience 
Be able to deliver ML technologies aligned with the core values of Apple, ensuring the highest standards of quality, innovation, and respect for user privacy 
Creative, collaborative, and innovation focused 
Description 
As a member of a machine learning team at Apple, you will use your deep understanding of machine learning and artificial intelligence to tackle meaningful technical problems, collaborate with the most innovative product development teams in the world, and transfer your ideas into solutions in the next generation of Apple products. You will perform fundamental research by defining, designing, implementing and evaluating algorithms involving unrivaled data and objectives. You will also actively engage with the academic community by collaborating with universities, publishing and presenting your work, and attending conferences. 
Education & Experience 
PhD, MS, or BS in Machine Learning, Computer Science, or related fields. Apple 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,187 reviews This is where you can do the best work of your life. Where you’ll join some of the world’s smartest, most innovative people to create ama... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
