
 
 
 
 Security Lead - Omniverse - California - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Security Lead - Omniverse NVIDIA 237 reviews California Remote NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description As the Omniverse Security Lead, you’ll use your technical knowledge and program management expertise to drive security initiatives across the Omniverse teams. You will guide and mentor the teams in secure development practices and aid them in threat detection, remediation, and incident response. Your work will be carried out in close collaboration with NVIDIA's centralized security team, leveraging existing solutions and practices from the centralized team while also contributing your own solutions. This role reports to Omniverse’s Technical Director, Halldor Fannar.
 What you'll be doing:
 Drive security initiatives to improve Omniverse’s security posture by mitigating security and data privacy risks.
 Track, measure, and report on the status of all assigned programs/projects in this domain, with the goal of creating a virtuous cycle.
 Manage and curate security/privacy policies and standards for Omniverse that align with NVIDIA’s overarching policies, procedures, and regulatory needs.
 Liaise with NVIDIA's security team for security audit activities and incident remediation efforts.
 Perform testing of controls and processes in Omniverse to verify adherence to company policies and procedures, with the goal of building automated systems to continually verify compliance and adherence.
 Guide and mentor Omniverse teams on how to write and operate software with security in mind, with the goal of having security designed-in rather than being a costly retrofit.
 What we need to see:
 Project and/or program management capabilities to drive overarching security projects and efforts cross‐functionally.
 Ability to work in a both agile and kanban project environments.
 A minimum of B.Sc. degree in Computer Science (or equivalent work experience)
 10 years of experience.
 A good understanding and field experience in software security is required.
 Experience in software development using C/C++ and Python - GPU programming a plus.
 Experience in writing systems and operating them using a DevOps or SRE methodology is highly desirable.
 Artificial intelligence, the dream of computer scientists for over half a century, is no longer science fiction. And in the next few years, it will transform every industry.Soon, self-driving cars will reduce congestion and improve road safety. AI travel agents will know your preferences and arrange every detail of your family vacation. And medical instruments will read and understand patient DNA to detect and treat early signs of cancer. Where engines made us stronger and powered the first industrial revolution, AI will make us smarter and power the next. What will make this intelligent industrial revolution possible? A new computing model — GPU deep learning — that enables computers to learn from data and write software that is too complex for people to code. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative, autonomous and love a challenge, we want to hear from you. Come, join our Deep Learning Automotive team and help build the real-time, cost-effective computing platform driving our success in this exciting and quickly growing field.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Security Supervisor jobs in California Jobs at NVIDIA in California Security Supervisor salaries in California Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
