
 
 
 
 Research Intern - Deep Learning - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Intern - Deep Learning Microsoft 7,109 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,109 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description Research Internships at Microsoft provide a dynamic environment for research careers with a network of world-class research labs led by globally-recognized scientists and engineers. Our researchers and engineers pursue innovation in a range of scientific and technical disciplines to help solve complex challenges in diverse fields, including computing, healthcare, economics, and the environment. 
The Deep Learning Team at MSR Redmond lab seeks applicants for 2021 summer research internship in the areas of deep learning, artificial intelligence, and related fields. The start date for this position is flexible, though interns typically begin in the summer. All internships are paid, and we will help with visa applications if needed. 
As an intern in the Deep Learning Group, you will have the opportunity to collaborate an accomplished machine learning group at a world-class research organization. You are encouraged to work cutting-edge and challenging research problems and publish your results. You may also get the chance to see your ideas realized in products and services that will be used worldwide. 
Responsibilities 
Interns put inquiry and theory into practice. Alongside fellow doctoral candidates and some of the world’s best researchers, interns learn, collaborate, and network for life. Interns not only advance their own careers, but they also contribute to exciting research and development strides. During the 12-week internship, students are paired with mentors and expected to collaborate with other interns and researchers, present findings, and contribute to the vibrant life of the community. Research internships are available in all areas of research, and are offered year-round, though they typically begin in the summer. 
Qualifications 
In addition to the qualifications below, you’ll need to submit a minimum of two reference letters for this position. After you submit your application, a request for letters may be sent to your list of references on your behalf. Note that reference letters cannot be requested until after you have submitted your application, and furthermore, that they might not be automatically requested for all candidates. You may wish to alert your letter writers in advance, so they will be ready to submit your letter. 
In addition to submitting your CV and the names of two references (one must be from your dissertation advisor) ,  you are encouraged to upload the following attachments: conference or journal articles, book chapters, or equivalent writing samples that you are most proud of and that best demonstrate your expertise. You are also encouraged to give pointers to open-source code you have written on github, bitbucket, or a similar site (if available). 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience in the following research areas are preferred. 
Multimodal intelligence, fusing vision and language capabilities 
Deep learning foundations, including theories, models and algorithms 
Sequence modeling, including applications to natural language processing 
Unsupervised learning and self-supervised learning 
Neuro-symbolic reasoning 
Neural program synthesis 
Generative adversarial networks, including applications to natural language generation and text-to-image generation 
Machine reading comprehension 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Deep Learning Engineer jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Deep Learning Engineer salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,109 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
