
 
 
 
 Scrum Master (Remote) - Chicago, IL 60607 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Scrum Master (Remote) XSELL Technologies 21 reviews Chicago, IL 60607 Remote XSELL Technologies 21 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About XSELL 
Ready to write the best chapter of your career? XSELL Technologies leverages artificial intelligence as a foundational capability to listen, learn and support agents in real time with the exact information they need to exceed customers’ expectations and deliver top performer experiences. 
Join us on our mission to empower agents, clients and organizations to increase human performance and job satisfaction through making conversations more personal. We do this by pairing together the best elements of human touch and machine intelligence to drive results. 
XSELL is currently seeking an Scrum Master to be responsible for designing practices, processes, procedures and systems to manage work simply and effectively. This person will seek to understand business needs, collaborate with key stakeholders, apply different strategies to convince others to change their opinion or plan, and win support from others for ideas. 
What You Will Bring 
The problems you will tackle will benefit from the following skills: 
3+ years of experience as a Scrum Master 
Strong knowledge and experience using Jira 
Excellent knowledge of Scrum techniques and artifacts (such as definition of done, user stories, automated testing, backlog refinement) 
Good knowledge of other Agile frameworks (Crystal, XP etc.) 
Excellent communication and team focused leadership skills 
Degree in Computer Science, Business or similar field 
Scrum master certification is a plus 
Ways You Will Contribute 
Lead the team in using Agile methodology and scrum practices 
Drives scrum team ceremonies (e.g. daily stand-up, backlog grooming, sprint planning, sprint review, retrospective) 
Resolves impediments impacting team's ability to deliver business value 
Tracks dependencies and risks for team delivery 
Provides leadership, direction and coaching to scrum teams 
Maintains metrics that provide visibility to stakeholders on team-level maturity, plans, progress and quality 
Facilitate internal communication and effective collaboration 
Monitor and improve performance of all team members involved in delivery. 
Responsible for ensuring Scrum is understood and the team adheres to Scrum theory, practice, and guidelines. 
Helps the product team and development team to achieve customer satisfaction 
Maintaining a positive, self-motivated, can-do attitude. 
Demonstrating strong leadership and team-building skills by creating an atmosphere of cooperation and cohesiveness. 
Guide development teams to higher scrum maturity 
Help build a productive environment where team members ‘own’ the product and enjoy working on it. 
What To Expect In Your First 30 Days 
Meet with everyone on the Technology and Product teams 
Meet relevant business stakeholders 
Learn the products and organization structure 
Review existing roadmaps and/or project plans 
Review two sprint cycles (2 week sprints) 
Begin to assemble dashboards for Scrum metrics 
XSELL is committed to a culture of teamwork; where everyone works together to plan, do, learn, and continuously improve. We accomplish that by staying true to our core value. 
Best Chapter: Every XSELLer is plugged in and focused on writing their “ best chapter yet ”, both personally and professionally. We believe in working hard to achieve success, but that success only comes if we are doing it together. We do this with a high level of humility, integrity and compassion towards our coworkers. We celebrate and recognize each other and have a lot of fun along the way. 
Know Us By Our Results: We do what we say and say what we do. Our coworkers and clients will “ know us by our results ” – we welcome that and embrace transparency and measurement. 
Do It The XSELL Way: Together we are building an inclusive culture full of top performing, talented people that are striving towards common goals with resilience. People will admire not only the work we do but also that we “ do it the XSELL way ” – as one team. We do this through strong communication, collaboration and accountability to each other. 
Open for Business: We are always “ open for business ” – fiercely committed to improving ourselves, our team and our company. We stay curious and approach every situation as an opportunity to learn and grow. 
Conversations Happen In the Room: Feedback is imperative to our collective success. We approach the “ conversation in the room ” with respect, empathy and candor. Our dialogue with each other is always open and honest. 
XSELL Technologies is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and all employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. 
#LI-REMOTE 
 
 iqBwWMqirl XSELL Technologies 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Owner jobs in Chicago, IL Jobs at XSELL Technologies in Chicago, IL Product Owner salaries in Chicago, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from XSELL Technologies 21 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
