
 
 
 
 Vice President of Product - San Diego, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Vice President of Product PCI Strategic Management, LLC 5 reviews San Diego, CA PCI Strategic Management, LLC 5 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. BigBear.ai is seeking an exceptional and innovative product leader, evangelist, and entrepreneur with proven experience delivering emerging, high-end technology and products. As our Vice President of Product you will lead strategy and development for our next-generation AI-driven products transforming the industry with decision dominance. You will work in close partnership with our c-suite executives, product, design, engineering, sales, finance, and marketing leadership to build, orchestrate, and deliver innovative and disruptive technology to our users, customers, and emerging markets in Energy, Logistics, Healthcare, Finance, and Government.
 
This is an ideal opportunity to be part of one the fastest growing AI/ML companies in the industry! At BigBear.ai, we’re in this business together. We own it, we make it thrive, and we enjoy the challenges of our work. We know that our employees play the largest role in our continual success. That is why we foster an environment of growth and development, with an emphasis on opportunity, recognition, and work-life balance. We give the same high level of commitment to our employees that we give to our clients. If BigBear.ai sounds like the place where you want to be, we’d enjoy speaking with you.
 
 Responsibilities: 
Own and drive the implementation of product strategy and development to achieve business growth goals, positioning, and delivery to new and emerging markets.
 Manage product budget, resources, and personnel to execute product vision.
 Build, scale, and develop our rapidly growing product organization through leadership, mentoring, and culture building to enable amazing product teams.
 Lead product portfolio including discovery, planning, execution, and delivery of product. Maintain portfolio roadmap, communicate strategy, and changes in roadmap.
 Establish deep understanding of product, vision, and set prioritization for product development.
 Develop and expand product to rapidly scaling customers and users in current and emerging markets.
 Support product & technology leaders in establishing priority, KPIs, and metrics for success.
 
 Qualifications: 
[Required]
 
Must be an innovative product leader, evangelist, and entrepreneur with experience in launching product from inception to market in a technology-driven domain such as big data, artificial intelligence, or predictive analytics.
 Demonstrated ability leading design and development of enterprise product which captured at least 10x more in revenue that it cost to create.
 15+ years of experience with product management, development, and strategy for technology-driven product for commercial software or SaaS enterprises.
 5+ years of experience in a product leadership role such as VP of Product, Director of Product, or Senior Product Manager.
 Proven experience building and leading highly functional product teams and scaling products to new users and customers.
 Experience working with Sales/Growth, Finance, and Marketing to define revenue models, budget, resources, and go-to-market strategy.
 Bachelors Degree (B.S.) required in a related field – Graduate or MBA preferred!
 
About BigBear.ai
 
BigBear.ai is a new leader in decision dominance serving the national defense and intelligence communities. The Company delivers high-end capabilities across the data and digital spectrum to deliver information superiority and decision support. BigBear.ai provides a comprehensive suite of solutions including artificial intelligence and machine learning, data science, advanced analytics, offensive and defensive cyber, data management, cloud solutions, digital engineering, and systems integration. BigBear.ai’s customers, including the U.S. Intelligence Community, Department of Defense, and U.S. Federal Government, rely on its advanced technology solutions to analyze information, manage risk, and solve complex problems, leading to better decision making. Headquartered in Columbia, Maryland, BigBear.ai has additional locations in Virginia, Massachusetts, and California.
 
Position Details
 
 Clearance Required:  None
 
 Locations of Positions:  San Diego, CA. / McLean, VA. / Remote
 
 Travel Required (CONUS/OCONUS):  CONUS
 
If Travel is required, how much? 5%
 
BigBear.ai is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled PCI Strategic Management, LLC 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President of Product Management jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at PCI Strategic Management in San Diego, CA Vice President of Product Management salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from PCI Strategic Management, LLC PCI Strategic Management, LLC 5 reviews PCI is a small, veteran-owned federal contractor.

We provide the expertise and solutions required to overcome some of the most complex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
