
 
 
 
 Systems Engineer Intern - Boston, MA 02210 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Systems Engineer Intern Autonodyne Boston, MA 02210 Job details Job Type Full-time Part-time Full Job Description Systems Engineering Intern 
 Department:  Engineering 
 Location:  320 Congress Street, Boston MA 02210. 
 Join a company and be a key part of the Engineering team that provides the hardware, software, and certification platform that brings AI to aviation applications and enables unmanned air vehicles to be used for transportation and other missions. 
 Autonodyne is a well-funded young company focused on becoming the kernel for unmanned aerial flight. With a world-wide perpetual software license in place with Avidyne that covers $100M in aviation technology IP, expertise in aviation system certification, and a growing customer set, Autonodyne will develop, and if desired by the customer, certify systems and software for civil and defense aircraft that operate without a traditional pilot. While there are many companies providing products and services to the growing UAS market, we already have all of the necessary building blocks and move at higher clock speeds than the competition and are unique in that we are also experts in national and international certification which allows these products to be flown anywhere. Autonodyne is located in Boston, Massachusetts (and has a presence in Concord MA, Burlington MA, Dayton OH, Colorado Springs CO, and greater Los Angeles CA) and is looking for engineering interns who are interested in artificial intelligence algorithms and the UAS/UAV/Unmanned space. This position reports to the Vice President, Engineering. 
 This is a paid internship position. Timing of the internship is flexible ? it may run during the summer months or academic year, or both. 
 Position Summary: 
 As a Systems intern, your principal work assignments will involve supporting the company?s development efforts in airborne, terrestrial and maritime unmanned systems and the software that drives them. 
 Responsibilities: 
 Support integration and test of our software under development 
 Use 3D printers to design and build customized test cases and test rigs including designing in conformal antennas 
 Design and build field transportable ground control stations 
 Integration and test lab 
 Run/participate in a project to acquire an uncrewed maritime vehicle and develop a test scheme to carry an unmanned air vehicle in a marsupial-like manner and launch it from the uncrewed maritime vehicle 
 Participate in a project build, maintain and fly a large fleet of uncrewed vehicles that will fly in a swarm autonomy behavior. 
 
 Skills and Core Competencies: 
 Engineering background and interest 
 Prior experience as an RC fixed wing or RC helicopter pilot is highly desired. 
 Mechanically and electromechanically capable. 
 Competency in use of 3D printing machines highly desired 
 High comfort level in mechanical engineering, system engineering and working with hardware/systems, especially robotic systems 
 An understanding of MAVLink is desired but not required. 
 
 Education/Certifications/Licenses: 
 BS (or higher) degree in Mechanical, Systems or Aerospace Engineering (or degree in-process) or equivalent engineering discipline 
 
 Experience: 
 Experience in an engineering lab which utilizes electrical equipment. (Power supplies, Digital Multi-meters, Battery Chargers, etc.) 
 Experience (or a very strong interest) in UAS/UAV/Unmanned systems and/or robotics, especially in the avionics domain is highly desired 
 
 Travel: 
 No travel is expected but should be considered possible 
 
 Other Criteria: 
 Strongly prefer domicile near the Boston metro area 
 US Citizenship required 
 
 Strongly prefer domicile near the Boston metro area 
 US Citizenship required Autonodyne 20 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job System Engineer jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Autonodyne in Boston, MA System Engineer salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Autonodyne Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
