
 
 
 
 Audit & Assurance Senior Assistant - Birmingham, AL 35203 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Audit & Assurance Senior Assistant Deloitte 10,088 reviews Birmingham, AL 35203 Deloitte 10,088 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Do you have the forward-looking view to match ours? We are investing heavily in new innovations in data analytics and artificial intelligence using cutting-edge applications to differentiate our approach to audit. We're regarded as leaders in Audit and our approach is designed to provide the flexibility to serve the unique circumstances and complexities of our clients. Join us as an Audit & Assurance Senior Assistant and you'll help us to strengthen our reputation for quality and innovation. 
Work you'll do 
As an Audit & Assurance Senior Assistant, you will work closely with our clients to understand their business, the risks they face and their internal controls. You'll use our cutting-edge audit tools and technology. Other responsibilities will include: 
Audit areas of the client financial statements, including transactions and internal controls 
 Perform analysis on client data and document testing procedures performed 
 Effectively work in a virtual environment
 
 The team 
Our team culture is collaborative and encourages team members to take initiative and seek on-the-job learning opportunities. Our audit professionals are committed to excellence and to enhancing the trust of the investing public and capital markets. Quality is our top priority, and by focusing on innovation, we continue to raise the bar on quality and deliver greater value to our clients. Learn more about Deloitte Audit.
 Qualifications 
Required 
At least 1 year of experience in public accounting 
 Bachelor's degree in accounting or related field 
 Must meet minimum requirements for CPA eligibility before beginning full-time employment 
 
Preferred 
 
Advanced degree in accounting or related field preferred 
 Experience with a regional or Big 4 accounting firm preferred 
 Understanding of broad business & technical (GAAP) knowledge 
 Effective interpersonal and communication skills 
 Potential for extensive travel 
 Experience working independently on multiple assignments or engagements, even in a virtual environment 
 
 How you'll grow 
At Deloitte, we believe in professional development and helping our people grow. We offer learning opportunities to help you sharpen your skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. We support the development of leadership and technical skills through leading-edge learning development solutions such as our Welcome to Deloitte on-boarding program, career milestone learning programs, and Audit technical training. Deloitte University, our 107-acre, $300M center, demonstrates our commitment to development by delivering an interactive, immersive learning environment that offers a physical campus in a virtual world. Welcoming more than 50,000 learners annually from 81 countries, we're considered one of the leading private companies for growing leadership skills. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center. Deloitte 19 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Auditor jobs in Birmingham, AL Jobs at Deloitte in Birmingham, AL Senior Auditor salaries in Birmingham, AL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Deloitte Deloitte 10,088 reviews We’re a leading professional services firm, but what makes working at Deloitte unique? When you join us, you become connected. To inspiri... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
