
 
 
 
 DFT Engineer - Santa Clara, CA 95052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search DFT Engineer Intel 5,432 reviews Santa Clara, CA 95052 Intel 5,432 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
Come and join us! Intel is seeking highly qualified candidates to join our Data Platforms Group (DPG) as a DFT Engineer! You will join a creative team of engineers dedicated to designing the hardware technologies that network the leading cloud-service datacenters. 
We are looking for a motivated and astute individual to join our team as a Design For Test Engineer. In this position you will be joining a diverse team responsible for building the world's leading programmable Ethernet switches. Our organization works on all levels of ASIC development, from architecture to circuit design and high-volume manufacturing. This is a great opportunity to join a world class team and will include lots of product innovation on cutting edge technologies. As a DFT Engineer, you will use your knowledge of specifications, design for test techniques, and silicon failure modes and physics to implement area and time efficient test solutions for complex networking ASICS.
 Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: Developing and support design for test (DFT) IP components. Owning block-level DFT and MBIST insertion and verification. Developing functional verification environments and tests. Supporting your work through the entire product life cycle. 
The ideal candidate will have the following skills in addition to the qualifications listed below. Strong analytical, problem solving, and communication skills.
 Experience working independently and at various levels of abstraction. 
In this position you will gain invaluable experience which will allow growth and expanded opportunities within this business group as well as future possible opportunities with other business groups within Intel. 
The Data Platforms Group drives new products technologies from high-end co-processors for supercomputers to low-energy systems for enterprise and the cloud, as well as solutions for big data and intelligent devices. The group is a worldwide organization that develops the products and technologies that power 9 of every 10 servers sold worldwide. 
Qualifications 
You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. 
Education Requirement: Bachelor’s degree in Electrical or Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Math, Physics, or related field plus 6 years of industry work experience or Master’s degree in Electrical or Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Math, Physics, or related field plus 4 years of industry work experience or PhD in Electrical or Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Math, Physics, or related field plus 2 years of industry work experience. 
 
Minimum Required Qualifications: 
 6 plus years of experience with DFT techniques and technologies including memory BIST, logic BIST, TAP, JTAG/boundary SCAN, BSDL, and IJTAG. 6 plus years of experience with scripting (Perl and/or shell scripts, TCL) and data analysis. 3 plus years of experience with Digital Simulation and constrained random verification. 3 plus years of experience constructing UVM testbenches and testcases. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
The ideal candidate will have 3 plus year of experience covering: Logic Synthesis, Static timing analysis, power, noise, reliability, manufacturability analysis. Formal verification, floorplan, automated placement and route, layout DRC/LVS. Developing network ASICs. Thorough understanding of failure modes and related physical processes. 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Center Group (DCG) is at the heart of Intel’s transformation from a PC company to a company that runs the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. The data center is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Other Locations 
 
US, California, San Jose 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel Today original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at Intel in Santa Clara, CA Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,432 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
