
 
 
 
 CVP, Strategy and Communications - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search CVP, Strategy and Communications Micron 1,039 reviews San Jose, CA Micron 1,039 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Micron’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.  Join an inclusive team focused on one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can spark the very innovation we are pursuing. 
 
Req. ID: 248863 
 
Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life.  Join an inclusive team passionate about one thing: using their expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can fuel the very innovation we are pursuing. 
 
The Corporate Vice President, Strategy and Communications is a key leadership role reporting directly to the EVP, Chief Business Officer and will be responsible for overseeing and providing thought leadership for the following functions: Corporate Strategy, Corporate Development, and the Global Communications & Marketing organizations. This position will identify and address strategic questions facing the company, engage key executives to identify gaps in Micron’s capabilities, translate gaps into opportunities, and execute against Micron’s long-range strategic plan. This role will act as an advisor to the CBO & CEO on critical changes in the competitive landscape and external business environment. Oversee the creation of quarterly/annual briefings and present complex business plans to executive leadership and the board of directors. Communicate grounded recommendations to senior leaders and their broader organizations, influencing upwards and laterally to drive organizational change and alignment. Lead corporate wide efforts to drive the development of new emerging ecosystems, standards or industry wide initiatives that will lead to the buildup of new business focus areas. This position can be upgraded to a Senior Vice-President role for the right candidate. 
 
Other Responsibilities include:
 Represent Micron in strategic external communications with customers, press, analysts, etc. 
Represent, advocate and partner with other organizations for the needs of the Strategy and Communications group 
Mentor, develop and empower senior leaders, ensuring successors for key roles within business unit 
Oversee critical talent acquisition and retention to ensure long-term organizational success 
Provide cross functional leadership and influence by working effectively with senior leaders throughout the organization to drive company strategy and initiatives 
 
Requirements: 
Seasoned professional with strategy orientation, who has successfully led multiple business or operation organizations in large, globally diverse, publicly traded companies 
Deep understanding of competitive dynamics and strategies of key industry players, technical and other differentiated capabilities required to win in the marketplace 
Strong executive presence and demonstrated success leading top performing teams; ability to motivate, drive and inspire change 
15 years of experience in the semiconductor industry 
Master’s degree in Engineering/Science; MBA a plus 
 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
 
Micron prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and other international and industry labor standards. 
 
Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron. 
 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Keywords: San Jose || California (US-CA) || United States (US) || SGA || Experienced || Regular || Communications || #LI-LG1 || Special || Micron 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Micron in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Micron 1,039 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
