
 
 
 
 HPC Software Engineer - Hillsboro, OR 97124 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search HPC Software Engineer Intel 5,432 reviews Hillsboro, OR 97124 Intel 5,432 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
Come and join us! Intel is seeking highly qualified candidates to join our Data Platforms Group (DPG) as an HPC Software Engineer! 
In this role you will be part of the High Performance Computing (HPC) End User Enablement team. We work with top industrial and academic partners to optimize their SW stack components to show what they are capable of on IA. The HPC Software Engineer is primarily a connection between Intel technologists and Intel partner's engineers. You will act as a consultant and provide support to third party component developers. Additionally, you will help developers optimize their products on IA and prepare collateral material to capture methods and demonstrate their results. As a software and Intel technology expert, you will author technical papers and training courses, and provide expertise to technology providers and peer Intel organizations. You will also contribute to Intel software and hardware product development by providing technical feedback to Intel product teams. 
Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: Participate as a member of our partner's technology team. Connect partner's technology initiatives to Intel's technology teams to get issues addressed. Ensure that software developed by our partners run best on Intel's latest and upcoming platforms and technologies. Support partner SW developers during all phases of SW development cycle including feature definition, project setup, project execution, tech support. Provide technical training, consultation, and hands on assistance to SW developers in areas of architecting, technologies, code development, testing, and tuning of SW applications. Provide training, consultation, and hands-on assistance to SW developers using the Intel SW Tools; evangelize Intel SW tools and technologies to SW developer community. Learning about new technologies of Intel and problem solving in areas that are new to you. Writing monthly status report to partner. 
The ideal candidate will have the following skills in addition to the qualifications listed below. Must be a collaborative team player as well as a self-directed and independent worker. Excellent analysis and problem-solving skills. Excellent verbal (phone and in person) and written communication skills. Willing to travel regularly (6-week cadence) to customer sites within the United States for team meetings. 
In this position you will gain invaluable experience which will allow growth and expanded opportunities within this business group as well as future possible opportunities with other business groups within Intel. 
The Data Platforms Group drives new products technologies from high-end co-processors for supercomputers to low-energy systems for enterprise and the cloud, as well as solutions for big data and intelligent devices. The group is a worldwide organization that develops the products and technologies that power 9 of every 10 servers sold worldwide. 
Qualifications 
You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. 
Education Requirement: 
Bachelor's degree in Electrical or Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Math, Physics, or related field plus 4 years of industry work experience, or a Master's degree in Electrical or Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Math, Physics, or related field plus 3 years of industry work experience, or PhD in Electrical or Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Math, Physics, or related field plus related experience. 
Minimum Required Qualifications: 3 plus years of programming experience with solid understanding of programming concepts, e.g. algorithms, data structure, version control system, software release flow, etc. 3 plus years of experience in parallel programming (e.g. OpenMP, MPI, etc.). 2 plus years of experience in HPC software stacks (e.g. Extreme-scale Scientific Software Stack). 2 plus years of experience and fluency in C++ and Fortran. 
This position involves work on a U.S. Government contract which may impose certain security requirements: If you are a U.S. citizen, the government may require that you certify that you are a U.S. citizen. If you are not a U.S. citizen, the government may require you to pass a security check before you can be approved to work on the project. 
Please note that any offer by Intel for this position is conditioned upon meeting and/or passing the U.S. government’s security check requirements should the government impose these requirements 
Additional Preferred Qualifications: Master's Degree or higher. 1 or more years of experience with Intel software tools (such as compiler, high performance libraries, Intel VTune profiler, Intel Advisor, ITAC, etc.). 1 or more years of experience in GPU (e.g. CUDA, SYCL) programming. Have publications in peer reviewed journals or conferences. 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Center Group (DCG) is at the heart of Intel’s transformation from a PC company to a company that runs the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. The data center is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Other Locations 
 
US, Arizona, Phoenix;US, California, Santa Clara;US, Illinois, Chicago;US, Massachusetts, Hudson;US, New Mexico, Albuquerque;US, Texas, Austin;Virtual US and Canada 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. 
Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in US, Colorado: 
$111,000.00-$166,390.00 
Benefits: 
We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock, bonuses, and benefit programs. Find more information about our Amazing Benefits here Intel 9 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Hillsboro, OR Jobs at Intel in Hillsboro, OR Software Developer salaries in Hillsboro, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,432 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
