
 
 
 
 Engineering Apprentice - Manassas, VA 20110 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Engineering Apprentice LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,584 reviews Manassas, VA 20110 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,584 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Looking for a career with purpose? One that challenges your mind, grows your skills and contributes to a highly successful team? Do you pride yourself on solving problems that others think are impossible? If you answered yes to these questions, then we would like you to join Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems in Manassas, VA. We are seeking an energetic, enthusiastic candidate striving to succeed in a career that develops new skills while performing a variety of tasks to include analysis, problem solving, and critical thinking. This employment opportunity with Lockheed Martin includes on the job mentorship by some of the brightest engineers in the defense industry and they will challenge you to grow your skills in computer systems, hardware, software and networking. Successful applicants will join a team that currently develops, delivers, and operates fully integrated solutions for military users across the globe. Candidates that have a strong desire to engage, and understand the fundamentals of engineering are highly encouraged to apply. 
 
Must have the ability to obtain a Department of Defense security clearance at the Secret Level. 
 
Here are some of the benefits you can enjoy: 
 Medical
 Paid time off including, (we have a 4x10 schedule which means: 52 three-day weekends!) Knowledgeable, encouraging and engaged leadership Mentorship opportunities Tuition Reimbursement 
ApprenticeshipLMCO 
#APN 
 Basic Qualifications: 
Positive attitude and a willingness to learn a variety of new skills & tools 
Excels in both team & individual work 
Good working knowledge of Windows and Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel)
 
Some programming using languages such as Python, C, C++, or Java 
Ability to obtain a secret clearance 
 Desired Skills: 
Linux experience (terminal, shell scripting, etc.) 
Experience with software installation and testing 
High School course work or lab experience in one or more of the following is highly desirable: design, software, robotics or other competition teams related to engineering projects. 
Strong Math background including probability & statistics
 
Interest in learning how large supercomputer-like systems work 
Interest in Data Analytics, Data Science, & Artificial Intelligence 
 BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 
job.Qualifications 
 
 Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. 
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about. 
 
As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. 
 EXPERIENCE LEVEL: 
Hourly/Non-Exempt Lockheed Martin Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Manassas, VA Jobs at LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION in Manassas, VA Engineer salaries in Manassas, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,584 reviews The F-35, PAC-3, and the GOES weather satellite...

What do all of these technologies have in common, you might ask?

Talented people... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
