
 
 
 
 SQL Developer - Bala-Cynwyd, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SQL Developer Capgemini 8,221 reviews Bala-Cynwyd, PA Capgemini 8,221 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Experience in Teradata or Google Big Query is an added advantage Expert level. 
SQL Developer with 10 years of experience and strong understanding in ETL Data warehouse Concepts and strong in writing. 
Advanced SQL Expert level knowledge in designing highly efficient solutions. 
Experienced in Analysis Design Development Implementation Testing and Support of Data Warehousing and Data Integration Solutions using Teradata or Google Big Query. 
Able to solve complex problems and ability to work on multiple projects tasks simultaneously to meet project deadlines as required. 
Strong ETL Background Data Extraction Transformation and loading in target from heterogeneous Sources. 
Good Understanding On Teradata Architecture or Google Big Query. 
Expertise in Query optimization and Performance tuning techniques. 
Good in understanding the requirements and propose design solutions and able to work independently. 
Expertise in Data Analysis troubleshooting of issues and providing solution to complex applications. 
Strong Hands on experience in Advanced SQL Data Profiling and Data modelling Knowledge UNIX Shell scripting. 
Knowledge Good verbal and written communication skills. 
Should be good at communicating with Biz Teams. 
Demonstrated ability to complete multiple tasks under pressure with a high degree of flexibility. 
Must be able to understand data models and business logic in a short span of time. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job SQL Developer jobs in Bala-Cynwyd, PA Jobs at Capgemini in Bala-Cynwyd, PA SQL Developer salaries in Bala-Cynwyd, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,221 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
