
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Researcher - Lexington, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Researcher MIT Lincoln Laboratory 104 reviews Lexington, MA Remote MIT Lincoln Laboratory 104 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company The mission of the Artificial Intelligence (AI) Software Architectures & Algorithms Group is to lead the nation in exploring and applying AI and Machine Learning (ML) to meet critical national security needs. Our AI/ML focus areas include modernizing intelligence processing systems, increasing human decision speeds, inserting AI into autonomous drones, countering influence operations, pandemic response, human-machine teaming, and ensuring national security at a global scale. In collaboration with industry and academia, we develop innovative prototypes at the frontiers of AI for the land, sea, air, space, and information domains. 
 Our technology portfolio ranges from using AI to augment human capability to fully autonomous operations. Close-knit research teams, enabled by access to large amounts of data, work collaboratively to expand our understanding of relevant operational data sets and workflows. Our objective is to make a positive difference for analysts, military commanders, and boots-on-the-ground responders. Access to on-premise supercomputing and public/private clouds provides ample opportunities to do research and development at scale. The group culture is fully supportive of staff publishing research results. A sample of our current research is available at https://www.ll.mit.edu/r-d/homeland-protection/artificial-intelligence-software-architectures-and-algorithms. 
 The AI Software Architectures and Algorithms staff share knowledge across diverse domains including deep learning, computer vision, natural language processing (NLP), graph theory, big data architectures, anomaly detection, operations research, system autonomy, modeling and simulation, multimodal fusion, software engineering, and field experimentation. 
 
 
Job Description 
 A research and development (R&D) position is currently available to create innovative state-of-the-art AI/ML solutions for a variety of datasets. We emphasize team collaboration for developing and applying breakthroughs in AI/ML in technical areas including deep learning, computer vision, autonomous systems, and NLP. Projects typically span all phases of the AI/ML lifecycle (understanding the problem, data processing, model training and evaluation, integration and testing, and performance analysis) in support of rapid deployment to benefit national security. 
 
 Occasional travel may be required once public health rules and regulations permit. 
 US citizenship is required. Candidates are preferred to be located in the Boston metropolitan area or be willing to relocate, but fully remote candidates (residing in US states or territories) will be considered as well. Selected candidates will be subject to a pre-employment background investigation and must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret level Department of Defense security clearance. 
 
Candidates Must Have 
 A PhD in Computer Science, Electrical or Computer Engineering, Physics, Mathematics or related engineering or information sciences discipline. In lieu of a PhD, a Master’s and 3 to 5 years of experience or a Bachelor’s and 7 to 10 years of experience will be considered 
 Experience with machine learning software (such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, scikit-learn, MXNet etc.) 
 Background and interest in prototyping research-focused software 
 
 In addition, familiarity with one or more of following is highly desired: 
 
 Big data computation and storage technologies (such as Elasticsearch, Hadoop, Cassandra, etc.) 
 Realtime data stream processing (Kafka, Spark, NiFi, etc.) 
 Working in a multi-disciplinary team environment 
 Developing R&D solutions in an Agile development environment 
 Effective oral and written communication of technical results 
 
 For Benefits Information, click http://hrweb.mit.edu/benefits 
 
 Selected candidate will be subject to a pre-employment background investigation and must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret level DoD security clearance. 
 
 MIT Lincoln Laboratory is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, veteran status, disability status, or genetic information; U.S. citizenship is required. 
 
 Requisition ID:  31983 MIT Lincoln Laboratory 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Lexington, MA Jobs at MIT Lincoln Laboratory in Lexington, MA Researcher salaries in Lexington, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from MIT Lincoln Laboratory MIT Lincoln Laboratory 104 reviews MIT Lincoln Laboratory, headquartered in Lexington, MA, is a U.S. Department of Defense research and development center chartered to appl... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
