
 
 
 
 Presales Consultant - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Presales Consultant AppZen 2 reviews Remote Remote AppZen 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description AppZen is the leader in Finance AI software. Our patented software is the only autonomous spend software to understand financial transactions and enable automatic decisions based on finance policies. Using AI deep learning, semantic analysis, and computer vision, AppZen accurately processes intelligence from thousands of data sources and images to better understand financial transactions and empower business decisions. AppZen has saved customers more than $500M and increased efficiency by 90 percent by eliminating 1M hours of manual work. Over 1,800 enterprises use AppZen for autonomous expense and accounts payable processes, reduced expenditures and real-time insights into business spend trends. 
AppZen is the world’s first and only artificial intelligence company for back-office automation. 
We are disrupting the back office – starting with expense audit, making it 10x more efficient at 
half the cost. 
We are looking for an energetic and motivated Presales Consultant. This role will focus on 
partnering with the Sales Account Executives to generate revenue with technical ownership of 
the opportunity pursuits throughout the sales cycle. You will be responsible for supporting 
Account Executives from deal qualification and discovery, obtainment of the technical win and 
concluding with deal closure. You must be able to operate with Alliances partners including 
technology partners, systems integrators and reseller partners. 
The presales consultant must possess a winning combination of business and technical skills, 
the ability to present and demonstrate our solutions to a broad spectrum of audiences from IT 
to business, and partner to C-level prospects, build strong relationships and handle technical 
objections and issues throughout the sales cycle. 
 Responsibilities: 
Develop deep expertise with AppZen products and services 
Creation of compelling presales demonstrations, presentations, documents and tools 
Identify and resolve critical business issues 
Solution and technical ownership of the entire sales cycle 
Delivery of persuasive, credible and professional presentations and product demonstrations; in-person and virtually 
Assisting the AE in qualification and discovery 
Provide RFI/RFP, technical and product, information security and similar responses 
Successfully deliver Proof-of- Concept and pilots 
Engage and co-sell with partners 
 Requirements: 
3+ years in presales consulting experience and/or similar capacities 
Excellent written and verbal communications skills 
Proven background selling enterprise business software; Finance software a plus 
Strong balance of sales, business and technical skills 
Bachelor’s degree 
 Benefits: 
Opportunity to work with world-class leadership in a fast-growing, successful startup company 
Competitive compensation package consisting of base salary and commissions-based target incentive 
Great Benefits including Medical, Dental and Vision insurance, 401(k), FSA 
 Position available in the San Francisco Bay Area. New York and Central US considered. 
We are equal opportunity employer and value diversity All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit and business need. AppZen 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Consultant jobs in Remote Jobs at AppZen in Remote Consultant salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from AppZen 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
