
 
 
 
 System Architect - Texas - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search System Architect Dell Technologies 10,387 reviews Texas Dell Technologies 10,387 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. From applied research to advanced engineering, the Engineering Technologist team has the expertise to shape ground-breaking products, material and processes. It’s a fascinating field of work. We’re involved in assessing the competition, developing technology and product strategies and generating intellectual property. We lead technology investigations, analyze industry capabilities and recommend potential acquisitions or vendor partner opportunities. Our insights influence product architecture and definitions. And we work with colleagues across the business to ensure our products always lead the way. 
Join us to do the best work of your career and make a profound social impact as an Engineering Technologist on our Client Architecture team in Austin, Texas. 
What you’ll achieve 
As an Engineering Technologist, you will impact future workstation designs, used in many fields such as science, machine learning, artificial intelligence, video animation and creation, and many more. These are high impact, high margin products that affect Dell's bottom line and enable our customers in greater ways each generation. 
You will: 
Drive architecture choices 
Innovate, create, invent 
Complete deep ECAD design work 
Communicate across engineering teams 
Align with CPU and memory suppliers 
Take the first step towards your dream career 
Every Dell Technologies team member brings something unique to the table. Here’s what we are looking for with this role: 
 
Essential Requirements 
10 years experience in electronic board design 
Skilled with Orcad and Allegro tools 
High Speed Digital Design knowledge 
Tenacity to succeed 
Bachelor degree in Electrical Engineering 
Desirable Requirements 
Graduate degree is a plus 
Work experience and knowledge of X86 architecture 
Technical experience in OS integration 
Experience running a core team 
Working with Asian ODM partners 
Strong aptitude for interpretation of design, simulations, test, and qualification requirements 
Working knowledge of mass-production manufacturing processes and material costs 
A self-driven individual that has the ability to work independently, regular reporting of progress and status with only general guidance needed 
Here’s our story; now tell us yours 
Dell Technologies helps organizations and individuals build a brighter digital tomorrow. Our company is made up of more than 150,000 people, located in over 180 locations around the world. We’re proud to be a diverse and inclusive team and have an endless passion for our mission to drive human progress. 
 
What’s most important to us is that you are respected, feel like you can be yourself and have the opportunity to do the best work of your life - while still having a life. We offer excellent benefits, bonus programs, flexible work arrangements, a variety of career development opportunities, employee resource groups, and much more. 
 
We started with computers, but we didn’t stop there. We are helping customers move into the future with multi-cloud, AI and machine learning through the most innovative technology and services portfolio for the data era. Join us and become a part of what’s next in technology, starting today. 
 
You can also learn more about us by reading our latest Diversity and Inclusion Report and our plan to make the world a better place by 2030 here. 
 
Application closing date: June 30 2021 
 
Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Dell encourages applicants of all ages. Read the full Equal Employment Opportunity Policy here. 
 Job ID: R097904 Dell 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in Texas Jobs at Dell Technologies in Texas Software Architect salaries in Texas Company Info Follow Get job updates from Dell Technologies Dell Technologies 10,387 reviews You want a meaningful career. You want to drive human progress forward with innovation. You want to join a team of the best and brightest... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
