
 
 
 
 Business Internship (9-12 weeks)(unpaid) - La Jolla, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Internship (9-12 weeks)(unpaid) Tourmaline Labs La Jolla, CA Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description Are we describing you here…? You're a  Senior College Student  who's passionate about Real World Business Operations and interested in Start Up Culture. You are willing to actively listen and work hard to learn from the best and become successful. You take feedback well and view challenges as opportunities for growth and development. 
 About the Job 
 As a  Business Intern  you are comfortable and excited to support both Business & IT Teams that work with some of the largest enterprises in the world. As our motivated, results driven intern, you will receive hands-on experience and responsibilities that range from content creation to supporting our QA team for new enhancements. You will develop immensely as a Young Professional and have the opportunity to dive into several areas of business to help shape your future career. 
 What we believe: 
 A seismic shift is underway in the mobility and motion world where hardware, software and services are all merging in unprecedented ways. Coupled with a move towards Artificial Intelligence and machine learning allows us to build technology platforms unimaginable just a couple of years ago. 
 We believe, as a result, vehicles and other forms of mobility (Drone’s, etc.) are going to start to do things themselves, and that ownership will shift from the individual to the corporation, resulting in overall mobility becoming experience driven. Most importantly, these seismic shifts are creating massive operational complexities that can only be solved with highly sophisticated Artificial Intelligence software, married with a highly integrated understanding of physics (motion). 
 Tourmaline Labs is the world’s leading mobility platform to solve these complexities for anyone who cares about mobility performance. Our Company’s Mission Statement is clear:  Our artificial intelligence aggregates global mobility insights and enables us to create new possibilities for people, organizations, cities and society. 
 Where you come in: 
 As a  Business Intern , you will be providing industry related insight and development within the markets we serve. This internship is a unique opportunity to work with C-Level executives, as well as our Senior Leadership team to execute key internal initiatives. 
 We want to empower an intern who can effectively operate with flexibility in a fast-paced, constantly evolving collaborative team environment. We need someone that uses constructive feedback as motivation to develop and grow. Finally, we need someone who wants to help make a positive change to an always-evolving world. 
 How you will contribute: 
 Market Research support and content creation for Commercial Team 
 Quality Assurance support and validation of technical bugs and new features 
 Daily C-Level, VP-Level Support 
 What you’ll need to bring to the table: 
 Good written and verbal communication skills 
 Good excel, PowerPoint and Word skills 
 Strong written and verbal communication skills 
 Understanding of a common business structure 
 Understanding of sprint/agile methodology 
 Common understanding of online research techniques (Boolean,etc..) 
 A winning attitude 
 Ability to conceptually understand our product and our offerings 
 Attention to detail and an ability multi-task in a fast-paced environment 
 Self-motivated and ability to work independently with minimal oversight. 
 Fun, team player who knows how to Make It Happen! Tourmaline Labs 30+ days ago Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intern jobs in La Jolla, CA Jobs at Tourmaline Labs in La Jolla, CA Business Intern salaries in La Jolla, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Tourmaline Labs Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
