
 
 
 
 Software Engineer, Simulation, Autonomous Driving - Los Altos, CA 94022 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer, Simulation, Autonomous Driving Toyota Research Institute 5 reviews Los Altos, CA 94022 Toyota Research Institute 5 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Toyota Research Institute (TRI) is an R&D enterprise designed to bridge the gap between fundamental research and product development. It has been launched with mandates to (1) enhance the safety of automobiles, with the ultimate goal of creating a car that is incapable of causing a crash; (2) increase access to cars to those who otherwise cannot drive, including those with disabilities and the elderly; (3) help translate outdoor mobility technology into products for indoor mobility; and (4) accelerate scientific discovery by applying techniques from artificial intelligence and machine learning. Toyota believes artificial intelligence has significant potential to improve the quality of life for all people, bringing ease, comfort and safety to all aspects of life. 
TRI's Driving Simulation team is developing software tools, algorithms and systems to model sensors, and simulate 3D environments and agent behaviors. We apply them to accelerate the development and testing of fully autonomous vehicles and advanced safety systems. These projects develop and apply cutting edge techniques from the fields of computer graphics, artificial intelligence, computer vision and robotics. We are looking for great software engineers who are passionate about deploying systems to improve the lives of millions.
 Responsibilities: 
Collaborate with other software engineers and research scientists to develop and maintain physically accurate models of sensors such as LIDARs, RADARs, cameras, IMUs, GPS units. 
Develop tools and techniques that facilitate the authoring of realistic 3D environments and agent behaviors. 
Develop software to perform photorealistic rendering of large-scale, complex 3D scenes. 
Work with and between multiple technical teams to understand and ensure complete system functionality. 
Live and breathe the software practices that produce maintainable code, including automated testing, continuous integration, code style conformity, and code review. 
 Qualifications: 
4+years of experience in related position. 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent. 
Strong C++ software development skills. 
Experience with modern real-time rendering techniques in OpenGL or Direct3D. 
Strong math skills including proficiency in geometry and linear algebra. 
Experience with game development including commercial game engines is desirable. 
Experience with WebGL and web development a plus. 
Experience with cloud compute a plus. 
 Please reference this Candidate Privacy Notice to inform you of the categories of personal information that we collect from individuals who inquire about and/or apply to work for Toyota Research Institute, Inc. or its subsidiaries, including Toyota A.I. Ventures GP, L.P., and the purposes for which we use such personal information. Toyota Research Institute 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Los Altos, CA Jobs at Toyota Research Institute in Los Altos, CA Software Developer salaries in Los Altos, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Toyota Research Institute 5 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
