
 
 
 
 Native Client Software Engineer - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Native Client Software Engineer ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Seattle, WA Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Anduril is a defense technology company, bringing Silicon Valley talent and funding to the defense sector. Our technology helps our customers solve their toughest challenges by enabling them to make better, more informed decisions in life-and-death situations. We’ve assembled a diverse team of experts in artificial intelligence, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics, and data analysis that are creating software and hardware solutions to radically evolve the capabilities of the United States and our allies. If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact, come join Anduril and build the future of defense. 
We are extraordinary problem solvers, teammates, get-stuff-done-ers, and people who care deeply about our work. We come from all types of backgrounds, and we are committed to removing any and all barriers that might exclude someone from feeling like they belong at Anduril. 
About the role: 
Visualization and Control for Data Awareness 
As a Native Client Software Engineer at Anduril you will be designing, implementing, maintaining, and improving the native client for Anduril’s intelligent systems. You will be working alongside a team of engineers with a diverse set of backgrounds on a suite of applications primarily developed in C++. 
Your immediate areas of influence will include playback of captured data, both historical and live, as well as other important areas with substantial conceptual complexity for which the presentation of the data must be organized for user requirements that vary widely in order to serve different workflows which may have conflicting needs. Another immediate area of influence would be on the simulation of data, both to be able to create scenarios and run “what ifs” on them as well as extrapolating from recent but highly latent data to determine the most likely state of the current world. Overlaying correlated historical data would be a related challenge that could be taken on. 
As an early member of the team, your decisions will have a large impact on the company and for our end-users. We believe that simple systems are easier to understand, maintain, and scale and promote this belief all of the way from the software core to the user experience. 
You will be making trade-offs as you work to ensure that our systems are prepared to scale, to be able to view a local environment and transition quickly to a comprehensible global perspective; being able to effectively communicate these trade-offs with your teammates as well as our customers is critical. 
The ideal candidate has curiosity and experience in a wide range of custom systems and libraries. 
This role is available as a work from home position with up to 20% travel 
This role is open to both promising mid level and senior candidates 
 What you'll do 
Find the optimal balance between research direction and day-to-day delivery of robust solutions 
Performance optimizations, being able to simultaneously optimize for memory and execution efficiency 
Collaborate with colleagues to determine appropriate abstractions from implementation to user experience 
Support research into preventing cybersickness in VR 
 Required qualifications 
Demonstrated ability in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, Robotics, or related technical field 
Experience developing software and algorithms for complicated applications especially data-intensive AI and 3D interactive simulations 
Experience with custom engines in addition to open source libraries, licenced engines, and frameworks 
Strong C++ skills. Anduril's native client software team uses C++ and all team members must have an understanding of the costs of using various language features related to development speed, readability, performance, and ease of maintenance 
Strong instincts for efficiency and optimization 
Willingness to travel up to 20% of the time 
Availability to support 24/7 on-call rotation during demonstrations 
Ability to lift and carry 40 pounds 
 Preferred qualifications 
Video games or high performance embedded systems 
VR or related technologies 
Visualization of extremely large datasets 
CPU/GPU programming 
OS internals and kernel development/debugging 
While much of the work will ultimately be in VR and AR environments, direct experience is not required for technically strong candidates 
 This position supports United States federal, state, and local government agency customers and may involve access to Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI), Covered Defense Information (CDI), and other technology, software, and information subject to export controls. Therefore, this position may require status as a “U.S. Person” as defined under government regulations or a Non-U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain required export authorization. If an export license or other authorization is required, Anduril reserves the right not to seek such a license for the applicant. Applicants will be required to submit appropriate documentation that verifies their eligibility under these standards. ANDURIL INDUSTRIES 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Engineer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at ANDURIL INDUSTRIES in Seattle, WA Customer Engineer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
