
 
 
 
 Senior ML Engineer - Search and Recommendation - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior ML Engineer - Search and Recommendation Fast AF San Francisco, CA Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Build the world's fastest Identity and Checkout products 
Company Mission 
Our mission is to make buying online faster, safer and easier for everyone. Fast Login and Fast Checkout enable a one-click sign-in and purchasing experience that makes it easier for people to buy and merchants to sell. The company’s products work on any browser, device or platform to deliver a consistent, stress-free purchasing experience. Fast is entirely consumer-focused and invests heavily in its users’ privacy and data security. Headquartered in San Francisco but open to a globally remote workforce, we are a founders-led, privately held company funded by Stripe, Index Ventures, Susa Ventures and other world-class investors. 
We are committed to diversity and inclusion, and demonstrate our values through equitable pay, fantastic benefits, and access to all reasonable accommodations. 
Summary 
We are seeking a bold, enthusiastic Senior Machine Learning Engineer to build out our search and personalization engine. The ideal candidate will leverage their background to build search capabilities across our product offerings and further support building out personalized recommendations to our users. 
 Role 
Design a search engine that will efficiently index and provide functionality for users to lookup queries across our product catalog, purchases and Fast sellers. 
Utilize historical data to design an efficient algorithm for personalizing recommendations based on prior purchases and product similarities. 
Own the full ML pipeline of analyzing data from our traffic, annotating training data (as needed), defining evaluation criteria, training models, launching models to production and re-training models. 
Integrate the recommendation engine with our backend infrastructure to support real-time inference under strong latency constraints and high level guarantees. 
Work closely with product teams and backend engineering teams on delivering product features that leverage recommendation and search capabilities. 
 Requirements 
Exceptional experience in building search engines and/or recommendation systems. 
Complete understanding of machine learning systems and experience utilizing data to improve top line metrics. 
Significant understanding of libraries and tools to train models for personalization (e.g. PyTorch, Tensorflow, Keras, etc.) 
CS degree in a Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence or a related field (or equivalent experience). 
 Plus 
Experience working in e-commerce 
MS, PhD degree in Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence 
 
Benefits of Fast 
We are an early stage, well-funded company with an innovative engineering and product culture, who prioritizes inclusion and diversity. We offer incredible health benefits, 401k, and equity as part of our competitive compensation package. 
Do you like snacks? So do we. Every month we curate new companies and products, and share with all employees, regardless of location. 
Also- we have fabulous swag, including the infamous Fast Hoodie (with its own Twitter following). Fast AF 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Engineer jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Fast AF in San Francisco, CA Senior Engineer salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fast AF Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
