
 
 
 
 Researcher – Deep Learning (Vision Language Intelligence) – Microsoft Research - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Researcher – Deep Learning (Vision Language Intelligence) – Microsoft Research Microsoft 7,110 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,110 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Deep Learning Group at Microsoft Research Redmond advances the state of the art on deep learning and its applications to neuro-symbolic reasoning, software engineering, program synthesis, question answering, multi-modal intelligence, conversational AI, and natural language processing. We regularly publish in top-tier computer science venues and collaborate with Microsoft product groups including Office, Bing, Dynamics, and Visual Studio. 
We seek exceptional researchers with a demonstrated ability for independent research and a strong record of influential publications on deep learning or its applications. An ideal candidate is passionate about the next generation of deep learning technologies and their real-world impact on computer vision, natural language processing, and multi-modality intelligence. 
We are particularly interested in candidates who thrive in a collaborative, multi-disciplinary environment and can lead independent research in our areas of focus. Prospective candidates must have completed or be close to the completion of their PhD.
 Responsibilities 
As a researcher in Microsoft Research, you lead your own research agenda and collaborate with other researchers, engineers, and product groups. As a member of a word-class research organization, you are expected to aim for research breakthroughs in the field and will be given an opportunity to realize your ideas in products and services used worldwide. 
Qualifications 
Required qualifications: 
PhD (completed or close to completion) in Computer Science or related field with a focus on Artificial Intelligence, Software Engineering, or related areas. 
Research ability demonstrated by a strong publication record of top-tier journal and conference publications or submitted/accepted papers in top venues. 
 Preferred qualifications: 
Demonstrable ability to develop original research agendas. 
Ability to work collaboratively in a multi-disciplinary team. 
Active participation in the scientific community. 
Strong communication skills. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Deep Learning Engineer jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Deep Learning Engineer salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,110 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
