
 
 
 
 Contracts Counsel - Salt Lake City, UT - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Contracts Counsel NICE inContact Salt Lake City, UT Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Contracts Counsel 
Location: Salt Lake City, UT 
The Contracts Counsel is responsible for negotiations of favorable terms, pricing, and conditions of contracts. Serve as subject matter expert in the area of contract negotiation. Draft contracts and review customer or business partner contract language for appropriateness and compliance with organizational policies and governmental regulations. This position also provides advice and counsel regarding legal requirements, best practices, and strategies for managing risk in order to avoid litigation.
 
 
 As a Contracts Counsel, a Typical Day Might Include the Following: 
 
Review and administer contracts. 
Analyze and assist in contract negotiations and manage approval process. 
Communicate with internal departments to coordinate contract reviews and approvals. 
Analyze change requests to existing contracts and approve changes or revisions. 
Draft contract language. 
Ensure that contract provisions are clear and conform to company policies, contract law and applicable regulations. 
Identify and report potential risk associated with customer facing contracts. 
Assist in assessment of customer and corporate risk. 
Obtaining appropriate signature for all contracts. 
Manage NICE inContact's product Standard Terms of Use to comply with business and legal requirements 
Draft ad hoc contracts and agreements utilized by the company (except Human Resource documents) 
Coordinate with Corporate Counsel in all litigation matters & trademark filings. 
 
 To Land This Gig You'll Need: 
 
Juris Doctorate Degree 
5-8 years post graduate experience in contract negotiation. 
Experience in reviewing, drafting, and tracking contracts 
Ability to identify problems and engage others towards solution 
Ability to meet deadlines 
Analytical skills are a must 
 
Bonus Experience: 
 
3-5 years in negotiation of information technology sales, supplier and business partner agreements. 
Experience with privacy regulation including GDPR 
Experience handling dispute resolution with customers and vendors 
Previous sales experience 
 
ABOUT NICE inContact:  NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics. NICE inContact provides the world’s #1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone™, combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation. NICE inContact is a part of NICE (Nasdaq: NICE), the worldwide leading provider of both cloud and on-premises enterprise software solutions. Nice 30+ days ago original job Report job Counsel jobs in Salt Lake City, UT Jobs at NICE inContact in Salt Lake City, UT Counsel salaries in Salt Lake City, UT Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
