
 
 
 
 Visiting Researcher, Artificial Intelligence (PhD) - Boston, MA 02142 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Visiting Researcher, Artificial Intelligence (PhD) Facebook 621 reviews Boston, MA 02142 Facebook 621 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Facebook is seeking a Visiting Researcher through a short-term contract to join Facebook AI. We are committed to advancing the field of artificial intelligence by making fundamental advances in scientific methods and technologies to help interact with and understand our world. We are seeking individuals passionate in areas such as deep learning, computer vision, audio processing, natural language processing, machine learning, reinforcement learning, and computational statistics.This position is short-term employment for PhD students. The individual will work in collaboration with Facebook and require the student to work onsite (after COVID restrictions are lifted) in the Facebook office. 
Perform research to advance the science and technology of intelligent systems 
Collaborate and increase productivity on existing research projects 
Perform research that improves computational understanding and representing of data 
Devise data-driven models of human behavior 
Influence progress of relevant research communities by producing publications 
Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining, a PhD degree in a technical field such as Computer Science 
Knowledge in Machine Learning 
Knowledge in a programming language 
Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment 
Experience building systems based on machine learning and/or deep learning methods 
Research and software engineer experience demonstrated via an internship, work experience, coding competitions, or open-source contributions 
Knowledge in Python, Lua, C++, C, C# and/or Java 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Facebook in Boston, MA Researcher salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 621 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
