
 
 
 
 Product Management, Workout Experience - Internship SAN FRANCISCO, CAPRODUCT - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Management, Workout Experience - Internship SAN FRANCISCO, CAPRODUCT Tonal 2 reviews San Francisco, CA Tonal 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description Who We Are 
Tonal has built the world’s most intelligent fitness system that is changing the way people work out at home. Tonal is a fresh approach to fitness that leverages hardware, software, video content, and artificial intelligence. Everyone who has seen or used our product, from professional athletes to fitness enthusiasts, has fallen in love. 
 
At Tonal, we are applying our collective knowledge and creativity to reimagine fitness. We know firsthand that too many hurdles stand between each of us and our fitness goals. Drawing on decades of research and a diverse team of experts, we have created the most advanced strength training system available that makes working out more efficient, effective, and engaging. 
 
We're passionate about building products that transform people's lives. 
Overview 
The goal of the Workouts Product Management team is to develop effective, inspiring, and differentiated workouts on Tonal. As an intern on the team, you will be responsible for developing a deep understanding of user behavior and uncovering insights that will push the workout experience forward. 
 
 What You Will Do 
Identify product opportunities via market research, customer interviews, and analytics Conceptualize, scope, define, and drive projects through the product life cycle Communicate product details to senior management Track and measure the success of each release, and feed those learnings back into the roadmap 
Who You Are 
An upperclassmen, or graduate student pursuing a technical degree or MBA Excellent communication skills and interpersonal skills Self-starter, proactive, demonstrated self and team motivator with a bias for action Insatiable curiosity for understanding behavior and motivation, and defining experiences that exceed expectations Able to think both strategically and tactically An excellent problem-solver with extraordinary organizational and analytical abilities 
Tonal is committed to meeting the diverse needs of people with disabilities in a timely manner that is consistent with the principles of independence, dignity, integration and equality of opportunity. Should you have any accommodation requests, please reach out to us via our confidential email, accessibility@tonal.com. All requests will be addressed and responded to in accordance with Tonal’s Accessibility Policy and local legislation. Tonal 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Intern jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Tonal in San Francisco, CA Intern salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Tonal 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
