
 
 
 
 Sales Development Representative (US, Remote) - New York State - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sales Development Representative (US, Remote) Attest New York State Remote About Attest 
 Founded in 2015, Attest is a SaaS technology company based in London and New York. It exists to generate increased confidence for every decision, by making consumer research easy and actionable for all. 
 
 Attest believes that each business's customers hold the key to solving their problems and unlocking their opportunities. Its technology and software includes a wide range of machine learning and artificial intelligence applications that help continuously improve data quality and analysis, to help clients make better decisions. 
 
 The Attest platform enables companies to engage directly with over 100 million consumers across 49 countries, starting in 90 seconds. Attest helps you engage with the consumers you need to know the most but can naturally reach the least, to learn, measure and grow ever-faster, across marketing, product, brand, innovation, competition, pricing and beyond. Attest enables its clients to reach and understand new consumer groups, needs, trends and behaviours, on-demand, very easily, any time. By dramatically simplifying the process of gathering the highest quality consumer data and the most actionable results, it is transforming an entire industry, expanding a very large market, and making consumer research accessible to entirely new areas of demand and action. 
 
 Attest's ever-expanding client roster ranges from enterprises like Oracle, Microsoft and Discovery, to fast-growth companies like Transferwise, Manscaped and Klarna, among many others. 2020 has seen it scale strongly, with ARR growing rapidly to $7m and the team growing from 66 to 125 over the course of the year, with further exponential growth anticipated in 2021 and beyond. Attest is backed by investors including NEA, one of Silicon Valley's most prolific venture capital firms with over 225 portfolio company IPOs since 1977. 
 
 
The mission for the role 
 The next frontier for Attest is North America, and expanding our presence in the US is an integral part of our future plans. We're looking for enterprising and motivated 'hunters' to become the first SDRs in our US sales engine. 
 
 Reporting into the Head of Business Development in the UK, you'll be helping Attest grow our new business pipeline in North America through qualifying cold prospects and creating opportunities for our Account Executives to convert into revenue. 
 
 This is a unique and exciting opportunity to join a well-established European start-up on its journey of expanding in the US and beyond. It's a chance to play a key role in our success, and you'll be selling a product that marketeers love! 
 
 What you'll be doing 
 You will prospect into cold target accounts using modern sales techniques and methodologies (cold calling 2.0, predictable revenue methodology, etc.). 
 You'll nurture great relationships with potential customers by phone, email & social media channels to engage them in conversation with Attest. 
 You'll carry out initial qualification to identify prospect pain points and challenges whilst aligning the Attest solution and the benefits it provides our customers. 
 You'll communicate the various value propositions of the Attest platform to multiple stakeholders through account-based selling. 
 You'll become a trusted advisor, able to educate and advise prospects on how the Attest platform can help them. 
 You'll match and contribute to the positive attitude, high levels of energy and drive already established in the team. 
 You'll strive to meet and exceed realistic, achievable quotas. 
 
 
We'd love to hear from you if 
 You have outstanding organizational and time management skills and thrive in an autonomous environment. 
 You are a confident and thoughtful communicator, both verbally and in writing, able to adapt your style to different audiences and in different contexts 
 You are curious and possess rigour in your way of thinking. You ask thoughtful questions, and are naturally able to develop solutions from a position of insight and knowledge 
 You are comfortable speaking with senior stakeholders in marketing, brand, insights or similar across B2B industries 
 You're conscientious and take pride in your work, but you're humble – you win and win well - we call it humble ambition. 
 You find it easy to create and develop relationships with a high natural level of empathy. 
 You don't give up easily and you're tenacious in your approach. 
 You're relentlessly positive and you're passionate about self-development. 
 You are self-motivating - you love being part of a team, but know how to keep yourself moving. 
 Experience in a fast-paced, rapidly growing start-up/scale-up environment would be great, but is not a pre-requisite. 
Pay & benefits 
 We believe that everyone's unique skills and experience are important and we celebrate every hire we make. Our pay and benefits programme is designed with a focus on the wellbeing, engagement and growth of our people. 
 A competitive salary that fairly recognises your experience and potential 
 We're enthusiastic to offer all Attesters EMI share options in the company so that as the business succeeds, so do you! 
 25 days (UK) or 23 days (US) paid holiday per year. This is in addition to local public holidays and an additional 2 days off around the festive season 
 To help you save for your retirement, you'll be auto-enrolled to our group pension plan when you join 
 Once you've completed your first few months, you have the option to relocate temporarily (up to 6 months) or even permanently up to +/- 4 hours of London or New York using our International Mobility programme 
 Support with remote and flexible working both whilst we navigate the world as it is now and in the long-term. We'll even give you £300 to set up your home office 
 A generous career growth and development budget of £500 a year to support your learning 
 Access to private and confidential coaching or counselling via Sanctus 
 Spend up to 2 paid days per month - 10% time - focusing on your growth, giving back to your community or supporting your favourite charity 
 10 days paid sick leave a year - for your body and your mind 
 24/7 Employee Assistance Programme by Care First 
 Your choice of equipment and access to great tools that support your productivity and impact 
 An open, inclusive and supportive team where everyone is valued and all ideas and suggestions are welcomed Attest 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Sales Representative jobs in New York State Jobs at Attest in New York State Sales Representative salaries in New York State Company Info Follow Get job updates from Attest Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
