
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Boxborough, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer Cisco Systems 5,865 reviews Boxborough, MA Cisco Systems 5,865 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Description
 Who We Are?
 We are part of Cisco’s Collaboration Technology Group (CTG), the #1 global leader in Collaboration Technologies, which provides outstanding integrated solutions that redefine the teamwork experience.
 Our Customer Care Business Unit is an industry leader in the market in developing and delivering intelligent customer and employee experiences at cloud speed and scale.
 We are on a mission and hungry to hire A+ Engineers who could -
 Articulate the next generation of Customer Care SaaS Solutions that will fundamentally change the way companies engage with their customers and will transform this multi-billion-dollar industry.
 Envision, influence, and implement the future of customer care with us.
 Who You Are?
 Very passionate coder with a deep flair for quality.
 You write clean reusable code that is easier to read, test, and maintain.
 Understand how your code helps drive the overall business.
 ‘Customers’ is your Top Priority.
 You may not have a solution to everything offhand, but you know how to navigate the quickest path to get a solution to your problem.
 You are a role-model; Teams look at your code and learn.
 You get things done and never give up. You are self-motivated and biased towards execution and delivery – taking on what needs to be done and owning it through to the end and beyond. You lead by example with your resourcefulness and extreme ownership ethic.
 You are adept in converging and owning decisions/solutions quickly.
 You have an outstanding eye to minute details and help your team better their code quality with your outstanding reviews.
 Possess a highly infectious energy, dedication, and rigor.
 You are comfortable at being uncomfortable and open to do things differently.
 You are confident and challenge status-quo regardless of hierarchy.
 You are the lieutenant to your architect, and you have the aim to become the successor. What You will be Doing
 As part of our rapidly a growing team, you will work on leading cloud technologies and platforms spanning Cloud, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, Analytics, Integration, Connectivity, Messaging, and more.
 You will operate in a robust environment with the latest in cloud development technologies and practices, including continuous delivery, continuous integration, and PaaS based development.
 Being an integral part of our Engineering team, you will work with –
 With Engineering Teams
 Build customer care solutions that provide rich experiences, connectivity, and automation.
 Write code, deliver high quality, high-value software, and focus on continuous value delivery.
 Mentorship to other Engineers and review their code.
 You will ensure 360 evaluation of code including Static Analysis, Code Complexity, JUnit, automation using state-of-art development tools and technologies.
 With Architects
 Closely work with Architect to ensure your design has conformance in all aspects and fits into the overall solution.
 Being a domain specialist, you will help the architect in solution design for your components considering all possibilities – serviceability, scalability etc.
 With External Teams
 Wherever dependencies exist, you will work with external teams (Engineering) to complete your deliverables.
 You will promptly unblock the external teams that are dependent on your deliverables.
 With Product Marketing
 You will work with Product Marketing to connect the business requirements to technical solutions and vice versa.
 Customer Success Team
 Work closely with Customer Solutions Assurance and Technical Assistance Teams to address customer issues with Top priority.
 You will continuously learn from field experiences and bridge the gaps in code and validation.
 With People Leadership
 An integral part of the hiring team and help in uplifting the team’s capabilities and skill diversity.
 How will you Succeed?
 By producing a high-quality design and writing high-quality wow-inducing code.
 By crafting solutions to your modules that are robust, scalable, maintainable, and serviceable.
 By mentoring teams and reviewing their code to ensure the overall quality of software.
 By helping in hiring efforts and upskilling the teams that enables a good cross-learning culture.
 Join our Force if you have –
 2+ years of software engineering experience with recent work on Software development
 Experienced at developing highly available and reliable cloud-based applications using Scala/Java.
 Have efficiently implemented APIs and user interfaces using Node.js, REST, Java, JavaScript, and React
 Experience with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery
 Experience with instrumenting code, generating telemetry for cloud deployments.
 Experienced with persistent storage such as Cassandra, Elasticsearch, and/or Redis.
 Experienced developing services on AWS, OpenStack, Cloud Foundry, Heroku, or similar
 Understanding of security technology and challenges a plus
 We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. Cisco Systems 10 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Boxborough, MA Jobs at Cisco Systems in Boxborough, MA Software Engineer salaries in Boxborough, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cisco Systems Cisco Systems 5,865 reviews #WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here’s how we do it.

We em... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
