
 
 
 
 Manufacturing Operator - Part-Time Schedules - Essex Junction, VT - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manufacturing Operator - Part-Time Schedules GLOBALFOUNDRIES 661 reviews Essex Junction, VT GLOBALFOUNDRIES 661 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $15.50 an hour Job Type Part-time Full Job Description GLOBALFOUNDRIES is a leading full-service semiconductor design, development, fabrication, and innovation company with locations across the globe. We think differently, design with excellence and enable “connected intelligence” across a growing universe of devices, networks and data centers, working with some of the world’s most inspired companies to develop and produce the semiconductors that are changing the way all people live today—and defining what’s possible for tomorrow.
 If you are looking for a part-time job with a steady income and a flexible schedule, and you have what it takes to be a valued part of a manufacturing environment, we want to talk to you! We have part-time opportunities on days, nights, weekends, your choice!
 Location: Essex Junction, VT
 Night Shift Pay Rate - $17.44/hr
 Day Shift Pay Rate - $ 15.50/hr
 Schedule: 24 to 30 hours per week
 Minimum of 6.5 hours per shift required! 
 Essential Responsibilities:
 Work in a clean room environment wearing gloves and a clean room suit
 Sustain and run the manufacturing floor
 Set up and operate equipment per Standard Operating Procedures
 Work in a team environment to meet production goals
 Perform all activities in a safe and responsible manner and support all Environmental, Health, Safety & Security requirements, and programs
 Required Qualifications:
 High School Diploma or GED Equivalent
 Language Fluency - English (Written & Verbal)
 Ability to stand for extended periods of time.
 Must be comfortable wearing a clean room uniform
 Ability to comply with all GLOBALFOUNDRIES pre-employment screening requirements
 Ability to lift up to 30 pounds on a periodic basis throughout the shift
 Must have basic computer and email skills
 Must be 18 years of age or older to apply
 Preferred Qualifications:
 Demonstrated ability to receive and follow instructions
 Ability to find information in a spreadsheet or on a website
 Strong attention to detail 
 If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please contact us by email at usaccommodations@globalfoundries.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. Requests for accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Please note that only inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this email address.
 An offer of employment with GLOBALFOUNDRIES is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background check and drug screen, as applicable and subject to applicable laws and regulations.
 GLOBALFOUNDRIES is fully committed to equal opportunity in the workplace and believes that cultural diversity within the company enhances its business potential. GLOBALFOUNDRIES goal of excellence in business necessitates the attraction and retention of highly qualified people. Artificial barriers and stereotypic biases detract from this objective and may be illegally discriminatory. 
 All policies and processes which pertain to employees including recruitment, selection, training, utilization, promotion, compensation, benefits, extracurricular programs, and termination are created and implemented without regard to age, ethnicity, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other characteristic or category specified by local, state or federal law. GLOBALFOUNDRIES 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Manufacturing Operator jobs in Essex Junction, VT Jobs at GLOBALFOUNDRIES in Essex Junction, VT Manufacturing Operator salaries in Essex Junction, VT Company Info Follow Get job updates from GLOBALFOUNDRIES GLOBALFOUNDRIES 661 reviews Changing the world from the inside out. Join the team that’s moving the world forward.

What makes GF different? Our advanced operation... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
