
 
 
 
 Business Intelligence Developer Specialist - San Antonio, TX 78249 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Intelligence Developer Specialist Valero Energy Corporation 1,411 reviews San Antonio, TX 78249 Valero Energy Corporation 1,411 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Valero provides the energy to take people anywhere they want to go around the globe. Our 10,000 employees work together as a team with the single goal of maintaining our status as a top petroleum refiner and ethanol producer. As an employee at Valero, not only will you have an opportunity to impact people’s lives through the products we manufacture in a safe, reliable environment, you will also be a part of a culture that thrives on positively impacting the people in the communities where we live and work.
 As a  Business Intelligence Developer Specialist  , you will have the opportunity to design and develop information models, perform data analysis, and create qualitative reporting solutions to enable the business to make critical business decisions. In this role, you will also assist in the technical design, development, upgrade and implementation of BI solutions for Valero. You will mentor more junior teammates and will be a key contributor to changing the way Valero produces information, as well as how we utilize data to make critical decisions that impact the entire organization. You will leverage Microsoft Power BI, SAP HANA, BW and Business Objects to support business intelligence needs by working in close collaboration with other teams, end-users, and IS departments to meet the company’s goals. You will also participate in proof-of-concept efforts to assess potential new BI tools, functionalities, cloud solutions, etc. to continue the evolution of Valero’s Business Intelligence environment.
 Key Competencies required for this position are:
 Problem Solving
 Initiative
 Results Orientation
 Interpersonal Skills
 Our goal at Valero is to continue to be the premier manufacturer, distributor, and marketer of quality transportation fuels and petrochemical feedstocks, while serving the needs of our employees, communities and stakeholders.
 To contribute toward these goals and be successful in this role, the candidate should:
 Thrive in a close-knit culture that values teamwork and collaboration.
 Enjoy working independently and taking on new challenges.
 Demonstrate passion for continuous improvement.
 Be motivated and enjoy making positive impacts as a part of a collaborative team.
 Embrace continuous growth and learning new technologies and techniques as the environment evolves.
 Proactively seek out opportunities to get involved and add value.
 Build strong relationship across IS and business teams.
 Bring an attention to detail with strong problem-solving skills.
 Provide top quality customer service.
 Stay organized and multi-task effectively.
 Communicate effectively through oral and written methods.
 This position is salaried exempt status, which means you are not eligible for overtime pay.
 Qualifications 
 Successful candidates will have:
 A bachelor's (or higher) degree or foreign equivalent degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology or related field.
 Minimum 5 years of business or technical experience utilizing SAP BW and SAP HANA.
 Minimum 5 years of SAP Business Objects BI development tools.
 Strong analytical capabilities with an understanding of statistical modeling.
 Basic skills using Microsoft Office programs (i.e., Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook and Skype).
 The most competitive candidates will have:
 Oil & Gas industry experience
 BW/4HANA experience
 SAP S/4HANA experience
 Experience with any of the following:
 Big Data
 Cloud Technologies
 Open Source Technologies
 Predictive Analysis
 Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence
 Need more reasons to work for a company that is both professionally challenging and culturally rewarding? Take a look at some of our best-in-class benefits:
 Competitive Pay and Annual Bonus Program
 100% match on 401(K) up to 7%, with immediate vesting
 Company-sponsored Pension Plan
 Comprehensive Healthcare and Wellness Programs
 Onsite Daycare Center
 Onsite Employee & Family Wellness Center
 State-of-the-art 24-hour Fitness Center free for employees and spouses with access to Tennis and Basketball Facilities
 Onsite cafeteria open for breakfast and lunch
 Sprawling campus with walking paths and access to biking/hiking on the greenbelt
 The above description reflects the primary job function and may not include all detailed job functions performed in the role.
 Position level and salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience.
 
 
Valero's employees are the heart of its success, and there is a reason why the company is an employer of choice in the fuels manufacturing and marketing industry. It’s not just the excellent benefits package, or the opportunities for personal growth, it’s also the caring and committed culture of the organization that makes everyone feel like they’re truly part of a team. For more information, visit Valero.com.
 
 
Valero is an EEO/AA Employer. All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected status including sexual orientation, gender identity, Women, Minorities, Individuals with Disabilities and protected Veterans.
 LI-LP1
 Job:
  Information Services
 Primary Location:
 US-TX-San Antonio
 Job Posting
  Apr 8, 2021, 7:59:04 AM
 Unposting Date
  Ongoing Valero Energy Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Developer jobs in San Antonio, TX Jobs at Valero Energy Corporation in San Antonio, TX Business Intelligence Developer salaries in San Antonio, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Valero Energy Corporation Valero Energy Corporation 1,411 reviews ​​​​​​​​​​​​Valero Energy Corporation, through its subsidiaries (collectively, “Valero”), is an international manufacturer and marketer o... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
