
 
 
 
 Business Intelligence Engineer - North Reading, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Intelligence Engineer Amazon.com Services LLC 70,005 reviews North Reading, MA Amazon.com Services LLC 70,005 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor's degree in Math/Statistics/Engineering/Computer Science or related field 
 3+ years experience as a BI engineer, data analyst, business analyst or statistical analyst analyzing large data sets, drawing insights, and communicating them to stakeholders to influence decision making 
 Advanced skills in SQL, Excel, Tableau or similar BI visualization tools 
 Experience in ETL development, data warehousing, and AWS solutions 
 Interpersonal skills, including written and oral communication skills. 
 
Are you inspired by invention? Is problem solving through teamwork in your DNA? We apply advances in robotics and software to solve real-world problems that delight our customers' experiences in ways we can't even imagine yet.
 Amazon Robotics is located in the greater Boston area, the epicenter of robotics innovation. Our diverse team of engineers come from all over the world to design, test and build our dynamic fleet of robots and mechatronic systems. Having our offices, labs, test floors and factories all co-located means that we can design the hardware, write the code, test, build and watch it all come to life. This allows us to innovate quickly and on limitless ideas. Current advancements are underway in autonomous movement and mobility, artificial intelligence and machine learning, manipulation, simulation, robotic management software, predictive analytics, and much more.
 The Amazon Robotics Operations and Supply Chain (SC) organization sources and manufactures a portfolio of robotics technology and is responsible for getting the right materials to the right place at the right time to support our network of global fulfillment and transportation solutions. It’s an operation that works cross-functionally with teams across Amazon globally, and is driven by data and metrics. The Supply Chain team is seeking a Business Intelligence Engineer to understand the data-needs of the SC team and ensure that the teams are able to answer hard questions with real data. A successful individual should be highly collaborative and passionate about working with big data sets.
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Actively support and foster a culture of inclusion. 
 Partner with operations/business teams to consult, develop and implement KPI’s, automated reporting/process solutions and data infrastructure improvements to meet business needs. 
 Enable effective decision making by retrieving and aggregating data from multiple sources and compiling it into a digestible and actionable format. 
 Design, develop, maintain, and improve scalable, automated, user-friendly systems, reports, dashboards, etc. 
 Develop queries and visualizations for ad-hoc requests and projects, as well as ongoing reporting. 
 Use analytical and statistical rigor to solve complex problems and drive business decisions. 
 Support automation of business processes to allow the team scale. 
 Lead projects with analytical and statistical rigor to solve complex problems and drive business decisions. 
 Experience building data products incrementally and integrating and managing datasets from multiple sources 
 Experience with ERP Systems, preferably Oracle EBS 
 Experience with R, Python or other statistical/machine learning software 
 Experience working in a high-tech environment, comfortable navigating conflicting priorities and ambiguous problems 
 Understanding of machine learning algorithms such as Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, Time Series forecasting, etc. 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us . Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Developer jobs in North Reading, MA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in North Reading, MA Business Intelligence Developer salaries in North Reading, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,005 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
