
 
 
 
 Editor - Part Time - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Editor - Part Time Zeta Global 31 reviews Remote Remote Zeta Global 31 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Are you interested in beauty, fashion, and lifestyle? Do you have a passion for writing and editing? We are looking for an experienced editor and proofreader! 
 
You will need to be actively involved in the editing and proofreading process for 20+ articles a week. The articles are typically 500-800 words each and focus on beauty, lifestyle, fashion, and health. You will have the ability to use your own voice and style to edit when needed. 
 
In addition, you will be responsible for finding relevant images for each article through access to thousands of images on our Shutterstock account. 
You will be the final eyes on content, ensuring it meets editorial standards as well as each individual brand's particular voice. Our ideal candidate is a highly skilled editor, proofreader, and leader who can offer expert writing advice at a moment's notice, prioritize departmental needs, and work under tight deadlines. Above all, we are looking for someone who is flexible, adaptable, and can take ownership of their duties in an often fast-paced and quickly changing environment. 
About Your Contributions 
Proofread all content across the company's websites, email, and social media accounts for grammatical and typographical errors with accuracy and speed. 
You will research and perform revisions or updates to content as needed according to specific project instructions and brand guidelines. 
In some cases you will use your editorial instinct to independently assess what work is necessary on a piece of beauty or style content before performing an update. 
You will fact check and copy edit on top of any larger revisions and updates. 
Re-review all editorial posts after publication for quality assurance. 
Work on tight turnarounds to meet hard deadlines. 
About You 
You have an Bachelor’s degree, preferably in journalism or communications a major plus 
You have a strong background in beauty, wellness and style editorial, with current industry knowledge and relationships. You’re always on top of new trends, treatments and products. 
You’re able to easily adopt an established brand voice, and you adhere to strict brand and style guidelines like a pro. 
You consider yourself a visual person. 
You’re comfortable working in a content management system and can work quickly, independently and accurately. 
You are comfortable working remotely. 
You’re detail oriented, impeccably organized, deadline focused, creative, and eager to learn 
You have operating experience with content management systems and web analytics tools, and an appreciation for the value of a good SEO strategy 
Precise attention to detail under pressure to meet deadlines 
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment with a resourceful, can-do attitude 
CMS/HTML experience highly preferred 
Fashion, beauty, and/or women's lifestyle content experience preferred 
#LI-MC1 
About Zeta Global 
Zeta Global is a data-powered marketing technology company with a heritage of innovation and industry leadership. Founded in 2007 by entrepreneur David A. Steinberg and John Sculley, former CEO of Apple Inc and Pepsi-Cola, the Company combines the industry’s 3rd largest proprietary data set (2.4B+ identities) with Artificial Intelligence to unlock consumer intent, personalize experiences and help our clients drive business growth. 
Our technology runs on the Zeta Marketing Platform, which powers ‘end to end’ marketing programs for some of the world’s leading brands. With expertise encompassing all digital marketing channels – Email, Display, Social, Search and Mobile – Zeta orchestrates acquisition and engagement programs that deliver results that are scalable, repeatable and sustainable. 
Zeta Global is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, ancestry, color, religion, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, medical condition, disability, veterans status, or any other basis protected by law. 
Zeta Global Recognized in Enterprise Marketing Software and Cross-Channel Campaign Management Reports by Independent Research Firm 
https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-opens-ai-data-labs-in-san-francisco-and-nyc-300945353.html 
 
 https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-recognized-in-enterprise-marketing-software-and-cross-channel-campaign-management-reports-by-independent-research-firm-300938241.html Zeta Global 25 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Editor jobs in Remote Jobs at Zeta Global in Remote Editor salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Zeta Global 31 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
