
 
 
 
 Assistant General Counsel, Global Technology - Beaverton, OR - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant General Counsel, Global Technology Nike 9,953 reviews Beaverton, OR Nike 9,953 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Become a Part of the NIKE, Inc. Team 
NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the world’s best athletes. It is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. The company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. Its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. The brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. At NIKE, Inc. it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game. 
NIKE, Inc.’s rapid pace of innovation demands a Legal team that is always on the offense. And they’re always on their game – with the mission to advance and guide Nike’s business through innovative, offense-minded counsel. Nike attorneys, paralegals and other specialists in law provide inventive approaches and superior counsel to Nike’s global business. As Nike changes the future of sport, the Nike Legal team drives competition, ingenuity and integrity in the marketplace. 
WHO ARE WE LOOKING FOR? 
 As with other industry leaders, all aspects of Nike’s business are powered by information technology. We are looking for an experienced technology attorney to join our growing Legal team as Assistant General Counsel and assume a direct leadership role in guiding certain leaders in our Global Technology team as they take Nike’s digital transformation and growth to the next level! 
 WHAT WILL YOU WORK ON? 
 As Assistant General Counsel – Global Technology, you will review, draft and negotiate a wide range of agreements and documents for Nike’s Global Technology teams as they transform Nike’s information technology function to support and drive growth. Transaction types range from traditional outsourcing, license and project service agreements to evolving areas such as cloud services and artificial intelligence. In addition to handling the legal work on important transactions, you will advise and counsel Nike business managers on a wide-range of legal and process issues associated with our information technology function, including regulatory compliance (particularly privacy issues in transactions), compliance with internal control processes, and management of business disputes that have not ripened into litigation. Along with others in the legal department, you will contribute your knowledge and experience toward efforts to re-engineer the delivery of legal services to improve quality, efficiency, and service levels using traditional and new model legal service providers. Finally, you will prepare and deliver training programs designed to enhance business results and manage risk. 
 WHO WILL YOU WORK WITH? 
 Under the supervision of our Senior Counsel – Global Technology, you will work directly with the Vice Presidents, Senior Directors and other personnel who lead Nike’s Global Technology team, as well as other leaders and business managers who work with the Global Technology organization. Due to the volume of legal work we handle, this person will manage service delivery by our outside counsel, and you will partner closely with Nike’s Privacy, Finance, Controlling, Global Procurement, and other supporting functions. International transactions will require collaboration with Nike’s excellent team of Legal talent who are located outside of the United States. 
 
WHAT WILL YOU BRING TO NIKE? 
 Juris Doctorate degree or international equivalent 
 Member, in good standing, of at least one US State Bar and willingness to meet the requirements of membership in the Oregon State Bar through in-house counsel, reciprocity, or other avenues. 
 Minimum 6 years' experience in the practice of transactional business law 
 Minimum 3 years’ experience in a transactional practice that includes a significant information technology component 
 A demonstrable interest in, and passion for, information technology 
 Law firm experience in one or more of the following specialty areas is preferred: outsourcing, licensing, information technology, information security, data privacy 
 In house corporate legal department experience preferred 
 Experience with a technology company or major consumer of information technology products and services is preferred 
 An ability to communicate effectively and succinctly, both verbally and in writing, with technology and business personnel at all levels 
 
 NIKE, Inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. Nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. No matter the location, or the role, every Nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: To bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world. 
NIKE, Inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability. Nike 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate General Counsel jobs in Beaverton, OR Jobs at Nike in Beaverton, OR Associate General Counsel salaries in Beaverton, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nike Nike 9,953 reviews NIKE, Inc. is the world’s leading designer, marketer and distributor of authentic athletic footwear, apparel, equipment and accessories f... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
