
 
 
 
 Director of State Government Affairs - Boise, ID - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director of State Government Affairs Micron 1,039 reviews Boise, ID Micron 1,039 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Micron’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.  Join an inclusive team focused on one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can spark the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Req. ID: 294662 
The Director of State Government Affairs will develop and execute proactive advocacy strategies in Idaho, Virginia, California, and other key geographies. This position will directly represent Micron’s issues and values before government officials, as well as leverage trade associations, consultants, and other key stakeholder groups to drive legislative priorities at the state and local levels. The Director will also anticipate political challenges and advise Micron leadership on legislative and regulatory opportunities, risks, and strategies. The role will collaborate with other team members in legal, operations, finance, strategy, and communications functions. 
 This position will report to the Head of Global Government and Public Affairs and will be based in Boise, Idaho. 
Responsibilities: 
Develop and execute comprehensive, proactive advocacy strategies using all the tools in the toolbox—direct lobbying, public affairs, trade association and consultants, political and civic engagement, and third-party outreach. 
Build trusted and collaborative relationships with Micron’s senior leadership and advise them on legislative, regulatory and political developments, and any related impact to Micron’s business, values and brand. 
Cultivate strong relationships with key government officials and staff members in Idaho, Virginia, California, and other key geographies on behalf of the company. 
Qualifications: 
10+ years in government, government affairs or public affairs work 
Previous corporate experience a plus 
Deep understanding of state & local politics and government processes 
Strong presentation skills and executive presence 
Ability to effectively advocate across party lines on issues important to our business and our values 
Understanding of, and commitment to, compliance with state and local lobbying requirements and ethics rules 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
Micron prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and other international and industry labor standards. 
Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron. 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Keywords: Boise || Idaho (US-ID) || United States (US) || SGA || Experienced || Regular || Legal || #LI-LG1 || Tier 5 || Micron 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Student Affairs jobs in Boise, ID Jobs at Micron in Boise, ID Director of Student Affairs salaries in Boise, ID Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Micron 1,039 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
