
 
 
 
 Graduate Sales Associate - North America (San Francisco) - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Graduate Sales Associate - North America (San Francisco) Echobox San Francisco, CA You will work closely with our VP Sales to acquire and build successful customer relationships in your region. You will be in charge of building long-term partnerships with key decision makers at large publishing companies. You will be responsible for making Echobox the leading provider in your region by actively selling the product by telephone and in person as well as by becoming the ambassador for our company at the highest levels in your region. 
Key Responsibilities 
Work with our VP Sales to grow the Echobox client base. 
Be responsible for the entire sales funnel in your region. 
Drive rapid growth to establish Echobox as the market leader in your region. 
About Echobox 
We are a fast-growing, research-driven company building an artificial intelligence that helps online publishers overcome the challenges they face every day. Using novel machine learning techniques, we are revolutionising the publishing industry and have a track record of building things that others have ruled out as impossible. Leading names from around the world rely on our product every day, including The Guardian, Postmedia and Conde Nast. 
Our team is our best asset. We work with extremely smart and talented individuals, who all enjoy a high degree of responsibility and independence in structuring their work. 
Do you think you have what it takes to be part of Echobox? We'd love to hear from you. 
Requirements 
Academic Qualifications 
Minimum 2.1 degree from a top tier university. 
Required Skills and Experience 
An ability and desire to learn new skills quickly 
Genuine passion for technology and the publishing industry 
Fluent written and spoken English 
Preferred Skills 
Experience with selling tech products or previous experience in a SaaS company 
Familiarity with the publishing industry 
An understanding of product management and development Echobox 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Sales Associate jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Echobox in San Francisco, CA Sales Associate salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Echobox Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
