
 
 
 
 Sr. Revenue Accountant - San Jose, CA 95134 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Revenue Accountant Automation Anywhere 43 reviews San Jose, CA 95134 Automation Anywhere 43 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Automation Anywhere is a global leader in Robotic Process Automation (RPA), empowering customers to automate end-to-end business processes with intelligent software bots – AI-powered digital workers that perform repetitive and manual tasks, resulting in dramatic productivity gains, optimized customer experience, and more engaged employees. The company offers the world's only web-based and cloud-native intelligent automation platform combining RPA, artificial intelligence, machine learning and analytics to help organizations rapidly start and scale their automation journey from the front office to the back office to every office. Its Bot Store is the world's first and largest marketplace with more than 1,100 pre-built, intelligent automation solutions. Automation Anywhere has deployed over 2.8 million bots to support some of the world's largest enterprises across all industries in more than 90 countries. For additional information, visit www.automationanywhere.com. 
Our opportunity: 
We are currently looking for a new addition to our Revenue Accounting Team. This is an exciting position that will report to the Director of Revenue. You’ll apply your technical knowledge and experience in building out and refining processes for a hyper-growth company. Come and join a leader in the RPA industry and be part of the next phase of our journey! 
You will make an impact by being responsible for: 
Collaborating with Legal, Sales, and Contracts teams to structure deals in order to achieve the best revenue recognition results for the Company 
Guiding the business as they structure new business models and product offerings 
Participating in routine close activities, including invoicing audits, preparation of journal entries, reconciliations and related fluctuation analysis 
Researching and prepare accounting policy memos 
Partnering with cross functional teams to create repeatable and scalable revenue and billing processes 
Participating in implementation of ASC 606 
Providing training to business partners while working closely with them to ensure consistency in application of policies and practices 
Interacting with external auditors as a standard part of your role 
You will be a great fit if you have: 
BS in Accounting or Finance required 
5+ years of similar experience in Revenue Accounting 
CPA or equivalent required 
Big 4 experience a plus 
Excellent understanding and working knowledge of both new and old U.S. GAAP revenue recognition rules 
Familiar with Workday ERP, and SFDC 
Revenue recognition software knowledge 
Highly proficient in excel and good with PowerPoint 
You excel in these key competencies: 
Demonstrates strong interpersonal, written and oral communication skills 
Presents ideas and information in a concise, well organized manner 
Works effectively and collaboratively within and across teams 
Maintains high performance standards; passion for excellence and continuous improvement 
Meets deadlines, prioritizes appropriately and is flexible 
Why Automation Anywhere? 
At our company each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. 
As the leader in Robotic Process Automation (RPA), we provide a very compelling product where our teams are breaking new ground every day and given an environment to grow their skills and have fun along the way. Our technology is the game changer, and our people give us the edge to better our world and go be great! 
Automation Anywhere is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Automation Anywhere 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Revenue Accountant jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Automation Anywhere in San Jose, CA Senior Revenue Accountant salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Automation Anywhere Automation Anywhere 43 reviews Automation Anywhere is the market leader in driving the adoption of robotic process automation technology across leading Fortune 1000 and... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
