
 
 
 
 Performance Architect - New College Grad - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Performance Architect - New College Grad NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA GPU Architecture group is looking for architects and software developers to join our various architecture efforts. A key part of NVIDIA's strength is to innovate in the graphics and parallel computing fields, delivering the highest performance in the world for graphics processing. We are constantly looking for ways to improve our GPU architecture and maintain our leadership.
 What you’ll be doing:
 In this position, you will be working with other world-class architects on analysis, validation, and tuning of graphics architectures and features that advance the state of art in performance and efficiency.
 Developing and enhancing innovative tools for architectural performance analysis
 Performance analysis of graphics hardware features and APIs, leading to recommendations for future architectures
 Deriving algorithms for tuning of games on existing hardware, possible prototyping of implementations
 What we need to see:
 You are pursuing a Bachelors or Masters Degree in a relevant discipline (Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or ECE).
 Meaningful experience in real-time 3D rendering or ray tracing, knowledge of DirectX or OpenGL preferred.
 Strong programming ability in C and C++. Python scripting a big plus.
 Proven background in mathematics, algorithms and data structures required, additional background in Compute Graphics preferred
 A great teammate; ambitious with a positive attitude.
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. Our products are leading the way with groundbreaking developments in Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing and Visualization. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. Do you love the challenge of crafting the fastest and most power-efficient chips in their class? If so, we want to hear from you!
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Software Architect salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
