
 
 
 
 Graphic Designer - United States - Publishing Team - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Graphic Designer - United States - Publishing Team Freethink Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About Freethink 
Freethink Media is a digital publisher with a mission to reimagine the news. While most media is fueled by toxic politics and negativity, we focus on solutions: the smartest people, the biggest ideas, and the most ground breaking technology shaping our future. 
Our two flagship brands (Freethink and Big Think), 20+ social media properties, and 10 million+ followers represent the fastest growing network of change-makers in the world. Our documentaries, articles, and newsletters tell stories of innovation and impact, inspiring people across the globe every day. Join us and help us MOVE THE WORLD. 
Watch our trailer to see more: www.freethink.com/videos/introducing-freethink 
About the Role 
In the saturated digital media landscape, a compelling thumbnail often decides what gets the click. Our filmmakers and journalists work hard to make sure that our content is worth staying for, but it’s the thumbnail image that gets our foot in the door with the audience. 
Are you an intellectually-curious visual storyteller? Does the puzzle of packing the most punch into the least amount of visual real-estate sound like a fun challenge? Do you tend to have more concept ideas than you know what to do with? 
We are looking for an in-house conceptual artist to focus primarily on creating kickass thumbnail artwork for our videos and written content. You will be responsible for creating the lead image for each story you work on, collaborating with the rest of the design and marketing teams to generate ideas, manage feedback sessions, and deliver final assets. One scenario might be as straightforward as isolating the right frame from the video, and another might call for an elaborate photo-collage. You should bring a bit of a mad scientist attitude: be willing to experiment, not be precious with ideas, and iterate quickly on different execution approaches. 
Our content covers a wide array of topics from climate science and artificial intelligence to anthropology and philosophy. Your work will be seen by roughly 10 million followers and subscribers across two websites and 15 social media channels. 
What You'll Do 
Review story/video pipelines and anticipate image needs 
Procure and edit high quality photos as needed for our two publishing platforms 
Create a variety of graphics and illustrations to go with stories and videos published across our two brands on the web and social media 
Help brand digital series with custom graphics 
Create thumbnail images and thumbnail strategy 
Ensure the artwork adheres to our brand guidelines, while contributing fresh ideas when possible 
Collaborate with the art director and other designers to push the quality of our visual storytelling 
Support the marketing team with graphics needs 
Manage a consistent pipeline of design requests, which can include upwards of 30 assets per week 
Our ideal candidate has the following qualities: 
Strong eye for photography & photo-editing 
Strong eye for color, typography and composition 
Intellectual curiosity 
Ability to translate abstract, big picture ideas into click-worthy art 
Ability to work in a variety of styles 
Interest in continuous learning 
Interest in experimenting with new tools & techniques 
Experience in any of the following skillsets is a plus: 
Data visualization & infographics 
3D modeling 
Motion graphics 
Portrait illustration 
Collage art 
What You'll Need 
Proficiency in Adobe Creative Suite programs 
A love for reading science, technology, and innovation content - especially our editorial content (We think it’s pretty cool!) 
A passion for understanding the Freethink audience (We think they’re pretty cool!) 
Strong communication skills to present findings to broader teams 
An adaptive and flexible spirit, as the digital marketing landscape is always changing 
Courage to experiment, openness to feedback, and a desire for continuous learning and improvement 
Access to a strong WiFi connection — while your team will work remotely across multiple continents, we value daily connection by video and Slacking 
What You'll Get From This Opportunity 
A supportive, collaborative environment designed to empower and continually educate each team member 
Competitive salary with benefits including medical, dental, vision, and 401(k) 
This is a remote, work from home position. 
 LHTRffpmDx Freethink 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Graphic Designer jobs in Remote Jobs at Freethink in Remote Graphic Designer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Freethink Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
