
 
 
 
 Senior Computational Scientist - Portland, ME - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Computational Scientist Northeastern University 613 reviews Portland, ME Northeastern University 613 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job no:  504394 
 Position Type:  Staff 
 Location:  Portland, ME Campus 
 Categories:  Regional Campuses 
 
 About Northeastern: 
 
Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning. Our world-renowned experiential approach empowers our students, faculty, alumni, and partners to create impact far beyond the confines of discipline, degree, and campus. 
 
Our locations—in Boston; Charlotte, North Carolina; London; Portland, Maine; San Francisco; Seattle; Silicon Valley; Toronto; Vancouver; and the Massachusetts communities of Burlington and Nahant—are nodes in our growing global university system. Through this network, we expand opportunities for flexible, student-centered learning and collaborative, solutions-focused research. 
 
Northeastern’s comprehensive array of undergraduate and graduate programs— in a variety of on-campus and online formats—lead to degrees through the doctorate in nine colleges and schools. Among these, we offer more than 195 multi-discipline majors and degrees designed to prepare students for purposeful lives and careers. 
 
 About the Opportunity: 
 
Northeastern University’s Roux Institute is designed as an engine of innovation, talent-building, and economic growth for Portland, Maine, and northern New England. Partnerships set our model of graduate education and research apart. With leading companies and nonprofit organizations at the table from day one, we’re creating programs that are preparing the workforce to stay agile and thrive in a competitive landscape powered by artificial intelligence. We’re nurturing an environment for high-impact research and innovation in computer and data science, digital engineering, the advanced life sciences and medicine, and other tech fields. And we’re helping entrepreneurs launch businesses focused on and powered by technology. Together, we envision an “innovation corridor” that in the coming years will stretch from Boston to Portland and beyond. 
 
The Roux Institute at Northeastern University in Portland, Maine is currently seeking a motivated Senior Computational Scientist to assist in conducting multidisciplinary projects. One of the initial projects, led by faculty at Northeastern University and the University Maine, is entitled “Using artificial intelligence to examine the interplay between pacifier use and sudden infant death syndrome." This project is focused on examining how infant non-nutritive suck patterning in presence or absence of a pacifier can alter respiratory frequency and arousal levels during sleep periods. This study involves collecting video data using a baby monitor during at least one night of sleep as well as one daily nap from 30 full-term infants and therefore will result in an abundance of data to analyze. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
The main responsibility of this role will be in assisting in data analysis for various aspects of the project. The research scientist will support building a new fully annotated repository of infant video-based sleep data collected by the Behavioral Science sub-team and will enable the rapid testing and troubleshooting of the computer vision and machine learning algorithms developed by the Engineering sub-team. The Senior Computational Scientist will participate in a multidisciplinary environment and have opportunities to interact with researchers from Northeastern University, the Roux Institute in Portland, Maine, and University of Maine. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Electrical and Computer Engineering, or related fields 
 3+ years experience in Python programming 
 2+ years experience in Git and simple database management 
 Basic background in signal processing and machine learning 
 1+ years experience in deep learning models testing and troubleshooting 
 
 Salary Grade: 
 
 12 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
Northeastern University is an equal opportunity employer, seeking to recruit and support a broadly diverse community of faculty and staff. Northeastern values and celebrates diversity in all its forms and strives to foster an inclusive culture built on respect that affirms inter-group relations and builds cohesion. 
 
All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
 
To learn more about Northeastern University’s commitment and support of diversity and inclusion, please see  www.northeastern.edu/diversity . 
 
 
 Advertised:  17 Mar 2021 Eastern Daylight Time 
 Applications close: Northeastern University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Scientist jobs in Portland, ME Jobs at Northeastern University in Portland, ME Senior Scientist salaries in Portland, ME Company Info Follow Get job updates from Northeastern University Northeastern University 613 reviews Northeastern University (NU or NEU) is a private, research university in Boston, Massachusetts, established in 1898. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
