
 
 
 
 Data Scientist II - Bellevue, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist II Microsoft 7,110 reviews Bellevue, WA Microsoft 7,110 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Are you looking for an opportunity to solve business-critical problems for Fortune-500 customers globally using cutting-edge AI and ML technology? Do you enjoy tackling technical challenges and producing innovative solutions to real-world problems? Then come join the AI Platform team in Microsoft. You will be working along the best AI/ML science, engineering, and product talent in the industry and engaging with the largest, most complex customers and ISV’s in the world. 
Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) is the next explosive growth area in technology relevant to every business in every industry on the planet. The data economy is already booming, and by 2021 there will be a projected 35 zettabytes of data generated by 50 billion connected devices. From these mountains of data, AI and ML will harvest valuable predictive signals and patterns that will fundamentally transform the face of business. With our own already existing volumes of data and research assets, Microsoft is investing to be a key player and a market leader in this industry. 
The AI Platform organization at Microsoft has the charter to bring the best of our AI & Research assets, tools and cloud infrastructure, rich data, and trusted position together, to deliver AI and ML services and solutions to customers. The AI Commercial Engineering team within the AI Platform Product Management organization is to co-innovate, incubate, and improve our core AI platform from scenarios utilizing Azure Cognitive Services and Azure ML. We do so by building and infusing AI technologies in real world solutions and extending the signals from real world patterns to building robust, scalable AI platform services and products. To achieve this, we are co-innovating AI and ML powered solutions (rich APIs, ML models and end to end services) with our strategic ISVs and Enterprise customers, leveraging many other Azure technologies, including Azure Data Analytics (Synapse, ADF, SQL and ADB) and Python/C# microservices, Azure Functions and AKS. 
Responsibilities 
Responsibilities 
We are looking for a passionate, highly motivated, and innovative Data and Applied Scientists to help us build world class AI and ML solutions for our customers and partners. These roles are for experienced data scientists and engineers who are passionate about building complete, highly performant intelligent software services, with a scalable and sustainable architecture and implementation while incorporating data privacy capabilities. 
The role involves a fair amount of customer engagement and solving complex problems with the customer/partner. The ideal candidate is someone is self-motivated to drive the creation of great enterprise products and who can collaborate and partner with other product teams, and engineers, and deal with ambiguity and complexity. 
Knowledge transfer to partners and community may be required, as well presenting to customers or a public event. 
Qualifications 
Basic Qualifications 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Statistics or Applied Mathematics, Data Science, or Machine Learning 
1 year of experience with software design and development using general purpose programming language (Python/Java/C# etc.) and knowledge of databases 
1 year of practical experience in Machine Learning techniques & tools, as evidenced by prior projects is required 
 Preferred Qualifications 
Experience with Azure Cognitive Services, Machine Learning techniques, and IoT preferred 
Experience in dealing with ambiguity, and to handle rapid changes in customer requirements 
#AIPLATFORM# 
#AIPLATREF# 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Bellevue, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Bellevue, WA Data Scientist salaries in Bellevue, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,110 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
