
 
 
 
 Research Intern - Microfluidics - Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Intern - Microfluidics Xerox 14,356 reviews Palo Alto, CA Xerox 14,356 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description City:  Palo Alto
 State/Province:  California
 Country:  United States
 Department:  Student Programs
 Date:  Friday, March 12, 2021
 Working time:  Full-time
 Ref#:  20010730
 Job Level:  Individual Contributor
 Job Type:  Internship
 Job Field:  Student Programs
 Description & Requirements
 PARC, a Xerox company, is in the Business of Breakthroughs®. Practicing open innovation, we provide custom R&D services, technology, expertise, best practices, and intellectual property to Fortune 500 and Global 1000 companies, startups, and government agencies and partners. We create new business options, accelerate time to market, augment internal capabilities, and reduce risk for our clients. Since its inception, PARC has pioneered many technology platforms – from the Ethernet and laser printing to the GUI and ubiquitous computing – and has enabled the creation of many industries. Incorporated as an independent, wholly owned subsidiary of Xerox in 2002, PARC today continues the research that enables breakthroughs for our clients' businesses. 
The Hardware Research and Technology Laboratory (HRTL) at the Palo Alto Research Center (PARC) is a group of multi-disciplinary scientists and engineers who enjoy the opportunity to invent and develop new technologies, foster innovation, and launch new businesses. Research in HRTL includes 3D printing, sensor systems for the IoT, carbon capture technology, applications of artificial intelligence, digital x-ray detection, life science instrumentation, robotics and much more. 
 
 We are seeking an intern in the Photonics Systems group who will contribute to an ongoing project developing a novel optical calorimetry platform aimed at revolutionizing the process of drug discovery. This individual will work with a team to develop and deploy a key component of the platform, a method to measure the concentration of incoming aqueous reagents in-line. As a key contributor and owner of this subsystem, there will be the potential for generating new IP and co-authoring publications. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Evaluate options for a concentration encoder system 
 Choose the optimal concentration encoding system and carry out a proof-of-concept measurement 
 Validate the method of Taylor-Aris dispersion for generating a concentration gradient in fluidic input lines 
 Integrate a commercial autosampler with the concentration encoder system 
 Requirements: 
 
 BS or MS degree in bioengineering/physics/applied physics/electrical engineering or similar 
 Experience with biochemistry, microfluidics, optical systems, lasers, photodetectors, fluorescence measurements, cameras 
 Experience with programming and lab automation in MATLAB/Python/LabView/C++ 
 Experience using presentation tools, Office suite or similar 
 Team player, self-motivated, hands-on experimentalist 
Xerox is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, gender identity or expression, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, use of a guide dog or service animal, military/veteran status, citizenship status, basis of genetic information, or any other group protected by law. Learn more at  www.xerox.com  and explore our  commitment to diversity and inclusion!  People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply or compete for employment with Xerox may request such accommodation(s) by sending an e-mail to XeroxStaffingAdminCenter@xerox.com. Be sure to include your name, the job you are interested in, and the accommodation you are seeking. 
 © 2020 Xerox Corporation. All rights reserved. Xerox® and Xerox and Design® are trademarks of Xerox Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Xerox 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Intern jobs in Palo Alto, CA Jobs at Xerox in Palo Alto, CA Research Intern salaries in Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Xerox Xerox 14,356 reviews Why build your career at Xerox? 

Because every day you’ll work alongside people who are as passionate about new ideas, customer servic... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
