
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Research Engineer - Baltimore, MD 21220 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Research Engineer LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,584 reviews Baltimore, MD 21220 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,584 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company The Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems (RMS) Artificial Intelligence (AI) team is seeking motivated engineers with a strong background in applying research and development of artificial intelligence and machine learning to support the RMS AI team and product portfolio.
 
 
The RMS AI Engineering & Technology team is focused on a broad range of projects from research & development to prototype development, culminating in deployment of our products to customers. We are on the cutting edge, inserting AI into defense systems, delivered through our AI Software Factory. This role will get a unique mix with research, prototype development, and software to hardware toolchain development all within the domain of AI / ML programs.
 
 
The RMS AI team has an immediate opportunity for a dynamic, hardworking, motivated engineer who wants to join our team. If you have an interest and passion for making AI / ML real, this role is for you! At Lockheed Martin, we are driven by innovation and integrity, and we are excited to bring cutting edge technology to our customers & their missions.
 
 
This role is responsible for applying research & development of artificial intelligence and machine learning solutions and provide discriminating capability to our customers technologies and products. This requires expertise in algorithms, with knowledge on modern AI research. This role will engage many parts of the system development lifecycle including: concept and idea generation, requirements generation, integration with system and software design, and implementation. Activities will range from low TRL research, development of prototypes, building demos, and transitioning to production.
 
 
This role is expected to know the latest in current AI paradigms, algorithms, and models (e.g. deep learning, reinforcement learning, computer vision); developing these techniques in relevant domains to tackle sophisticated problems and create innovative solutions. A focus on optimizing the performance of AI algorithms, applications, and platforms will be vital to plan, conduct, develop, and operationalize machine learning models on datasets that include time series, text, etc. This also requires a candidate to maintain awareness of emerging analytics, AI / ML, and domain-specific technologies; use your experience within the AI/ML domain to drive the team forward on product creation. This role may be based at any RMS site, or remotely via telecommuting depending on program needs. 
 
In addition to the responsibilities highlighted above we offer extensive benefits to include competitive 401k and insurance. We remain an equal opportunity company. 
 Basic Qualifications: 
Experience with AI/ML domain programming languages (e.g. Python, C++, Java, GO, MatLab) 
Experience developing and deploying AI/ML models, and a knowledge of machine learning frameworks and deep learning toolsets (e.g. SciKit-learn, TensorFlow PyTorch, Caffe, Keras) 
DevOps experience including CI/CD pipelines to build, test, deploy
 
Knowledge of classical AI techniques & ability to implement algorithms into software to train systems to recognize patterns and perform specific functions
 
Strong problem solving mindset: ability to develop create solutions to difficult problems often requiring integration of conflicting and, at times, ambiguous or incomplete data on a fast-paced schedule 
Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate complex design information, technical decision and issues to both highly technical and non-technical peers 
Ability to build and maintain relationships, collaborate with others, engage in constructive conflict, and manage interpersonal dynamics 
Comfortable working in a fast paced and dynamic multi-disciplinary environment 
 Desired Skills: 
Experience developing applications on Linux 
Familiarity with high-performance computing
 
Familiarity with network/messaging (UDP, ZeroMQ, RESTful API, etc.) 
Familiarity interfacing with databases (SQL, MongoDB, etc.) 
Familiarity with signal processing & domain expertise 
Familiarity with one or more of the AI disciplines (e.g. Natural Language Processing, Anomaly Detection, Markov Chain and Monte Carlo (MCMC) Methods, Machine Learning, Predictive Modeling, Statistical Analysis and Hypothesis Testing) 
Demonstrated proficiency in designing efficient algorithms and performing analysis with a numerical scripting language such as Python, R or MATLAB (preferably in Python) 
 BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 
job.Qualifications 
 
 Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. 
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about. 
 
As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. 
 EXPERIENCE LEVEL: 
Experienced Professional Lockheed Martin Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Engineer jobs in Baltimore, MD Jobs at LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION in Baltimore, MD Research Engineer salaries in Baltimore, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,584 reviews The F-35, PAC-3, and the GOES weather satellite...

What do all of these technologies have in common, you might ask?

Talented people... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
