
 
 
 
 Staff Software Engineer, Fleet Control Plane, Google Cloud - Sunnyvale, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Staff Software Engineer, Fleet Control Plane, Google Cloud Google 3,871 reviews Sunnyvale, CA Google 3,871 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, or equivalent practical experience. 
 10 years of professional software development experience or 8 years with a relevant advanced degree.
 Experience with Kubernetes.
 Software development experience in Go. 
 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Experience in designing and developing large scale distributed systems, API, workflow, concurrency, multithreading and synchronization. 
 Experience with relational databases. 
 Experience designing, implementing, and operating software that uses a relational database as storage.
 Experience in building managed services, such as databases or storage. 
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 
With your technical expertise you will manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. You will design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions. 
 
For this role, we’re looking for an experienced software engineer to provide both technical leadership and individual contributions on Google’s control plane product. We’re looking for a leader who can bring new ideas and perspectives, as we continue to build the product. 
Google Cloud provides organizations with leading infrastructure, platform capabilities and industry solutions. We deliver enterprise-grade cloud solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology to help companies operate more efficiently and adapt to changing needs, giving customers a foundation for the future. Customers in more than 150 countries turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to solve their most critical business problems. 
Responsibilities 
 Design a control plane. 
 Lead the implementation of the control plane. 
 Build the control plane as a Kubernetes Operator in Go. 
 Mentor and train other team members on design techniques and coding standards. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Staff Engineer jobs in Sunnyvale, CA Jobs at Google in Sunnyvale, CA Staff Engineer salaries in Sunnyvale, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,871 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
