
 
 
 
 Senior Global Inside Sales Representative - Morrisville, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Global Inside Sales Representative Lenovo 1,100 reviews Morrisville, NC Remote Lenovo 1,100 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description Position Description: 
 Here at Lenovo we are focused on a bold vision to deliver smarter technology for all through developing world-changing tech that creates a more inclusive, trustworthy and sustainable digital society. As pioneers driving the intelligent transformation in the market place we are designing, engineering and building the world’s most robust portfolio of smart devices and infrastructure. Our mission is to create better experiences for millions of customers around the world. We do what we say, we own what we do, and in turn we wow our customers.
 Join us in defining our the New IT world of tomorrow!
 Who You’ll Work With: 
We manufacture one of the world’s most extensive portfolios of connected products, including: PCs (ThinkPad, Yoga, Lenovo Legion), tablets, smartphones and workstations; as well as augmented and virtual reality (ThinkReality), smart home office solutions, software and services.
 In this role you will be supporting our Intelligent Device Group (IDG). The IDG at Lenovo houses our PC and Smart Devices. We combine investment in high- growth segments (workstations, gaming, visuals, thin and light devices) with new innovation in the smart device categories and continue to explore new opportunities across AR/VR, artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), security and as-a-service solutions.
 About Our Team 
At Lenovo, our success is rooted in our culture and our people. Our culture defines us...it's our DNA. We call it the "We Are Lenovo" culture and it's the values we share and the business practices we deploy. It's how we address our day-to-day commitments. Our culture is what has enabled us to consistently raise the bar on delivering both an exceptional customer and employee experience, break-through innovations, award-winning designs, and strong financial performance. As an employee, you will have the opportunity to work amongst a diverse and creative team committed to driving change; who pride themselves in achieving aspirations together and who are passionate philanthropists.
 We are seeking enthusiastic, career-minded professionals to join our Inside Sales Team. The ideal Inside Sales Account Representative will be aggressive, goal-oriented, articulate, and possess sound phone and video conferencing skills. A strong personality with the desire to reach high performance goals is a must.
 What You'll Do: 
The representative will support a Fortune 100 conglomerate in the Technology Vertical within the Global Sector. This position will be responsible for uncovering opportunities within whitespace subsidiaries and owning them end- to-end, strategically positioning the full portfolio of Lenovo products and solutions, and selling against the competition. In addition, the representative will configure, price, negotiate, and quote sales solutions as well as provide proactive follow-up, product information, and overall account support via phone and video conferencing platforms. Will act as a mentor and trainer to new members of the team.
 Why Lenovo? 
Lenovo is a US $50 billion Fortune Global 500 company, with 57,000 employees and operating in 180 markets around the world. We are #1 PC company on the planet, BCG's 50 most innovative companies, and one of Interbrand’s 100 BEST global brands.
 Awards & Recognition: 
 Fortune Magazine’s World’s Most Admired Companies, 2020 & 2019 Human Rights Campaign, Corporate Quality Index – Perfect Score 2020, 2019, 2018 Universum’s World’s Most Attractive Employers, 2020 Best Places to work for LGBTQ Equality, 2021 & 2020 Top 100 Internship Programs Winner, 2020 Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations by Corporate Knights, 2020 Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index – Perfect Score, 2020 IoT Breakthrough Award, 2020 2020 Fortune Global 500, #224 Top 100 to Watch for Remote Jobs, 2019
 Learn more about why it’s great to work at Lenovo - https://www.lenovobenefits.com/why-join-lenovo 
 Position Requirements: 
 Each skill below has been assigned a requested proficiency level by hiring manager. 
The level ranges from 1-5 (low to high) 
 Self confident and assertive 5 Strong organizational and planning skills 5 Ability to penetrate, acquire and transition opportunities 5 Communication skills (verbal/written/listening) 5 IT industry knowledge 4 Computer based program usage 4 Ability to learn and present hardware portfolio 5 Ability to plan strategically and improve profitability 5 Leads by example for the We Are Lenovo culture (on team and across floor) 4 
- Thought leadership- Creates and executes on new ideas and projects to implement within the Inside organization 4 
 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any federal, state, or local protected class. Lenovo 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Inside Sales Representative jobs in Morrisville, NC Jobs at Lenovo in Morrisville, NC Inside Sales Representative salaries in Morrisville, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lenovo Lenovo 1,100 reviews At Lenovo, our mission is simple: we create technology that enables people to challenge and inspire the world, helping them lead more ful... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
