
 
 
 
 Fellow, Technology and Architecture, Office of the CTO - Redwood City, CA 94065 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Fellow, Technology and Architecture, Office of the CTO Equinix 266 reviews Redwood City, CA 94065 Equinix 266 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Fellow, Technology and Architecture, Office of the CTO
 At Equinix, we spark new opportunities by making internet better and enabling businesses to deploy and scale their digital infrastructure where everything is within reach.
 We offer the world's largest platform of high-quality data centers, including reliable interconnection to ecosystems of enterprises, clouds, networks and IT providers.
 With our global footprint of 200+ data centers spanning 53 metros in 5 continents, we currently serve nearly 10,000 customers, including the largest cloud providers, Fortune 500 enterprises and Global 2000 companies. Platform Equinix contains the highest share of public cloud on-ramps and most physically- and virtually-interconnected ecosystems.
 Our culture is at the heart of our success and it is our authentic, humble, gritty people who build The Magic of Equinix. We share a real passion for winning and put the customer at the center of everything we do.
 We are also big on innovation and constantly look for ways to bring to bear technology to better serve the evolving needs of our customers and benefit society in an increasingly digital world.
 The Office of the CTO at Equinix is looking for a “Fellow, Technology and Architecture” who will join a team of seasoned technologists chartered with:
 Developing the company’s technology roadmap and target architecture to advance the vision of Platform Equinix based on a “software-defined-everything” model
 Driving next-generation technology development & innovation to guide decisions on new investments and service offerings; and
 Delivering industry thought leadership, with a focus on building a closer engagement with the software developer community
 We are looking for technologists who bring a deep passion for innovation and new perspectives from diverse technology backgrounds and areas, including, and not limited to, distributed systems, cloud-native computing, software-defined infrastructure (data center, networking, bare-metal), large-scale data processing, artificial intelligence, wireless communications, security, etc.
 The “Fellow, Technology and Architecture” role reports directly to the Chief Technology Officer at Equinix. While the preferred location for the role is our global headquarters in Redwood City, CA, there is an option for candidates to be based at other major Equinix locations in the US.
 As a Fellow, you will have the opportunity to drive new next-generation technology initiatives; help shape the technology vision and target architecture of Platform Equinix; contribute to improving Equinix’s technology stack; and provide thought leadership to the technical community.
 This is a senior role and an outstanding opportunity for a passionate technical leader to join our team and make a sustainable impact to the technology stack of Platform Equinix where about 90% of the world’s internet traffic currently flows through. If you fully believe in the power of technology to change the world, we would like to talk to you.
 Responsibilities
 Provide technical leadership in identifying and evaluating next-generation technologies that will elevate the capabilities of Platform Equinix to new heights in measurable ways
 Drive technology innovation and development initiatives for the above, including proof-of-concept projects, with tangible outcomes that will help guide new technology investments and implementation decisions
 Establish architecture design principles in respective technology domains of expertise
 Contribute to the evolution of Equinix’s technology stack, including the development of a technology vision and roadmap, in respective areas of expertise
 Help identify technical debt and drive continual improvement by partnering with stakeholder organizations
 Serve as a visible technology inspiring leader in the industry through various engagements passionate about articulating the technology vision and unique value proposition of Platform Equinix, including in interactions with customers, partners, forums and analysts
 Qualifications
 A Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science or a related engineering field. A Master of Science or Ph.D. degree is preferred
 20+ years’ experience is preferred, with 10+ years of relevant technology and architecture leadership experience in at least one technology domain across the infrastructure stack
 Expertise and experience with software-defined, cloud-native technologies and/or open infrastructure technologies and ecosystems
 Track record of delivering technology and architecture deliverables implemented in large-scale infrastructure deployments. Examples include: experience in infrastructure architecture, engineering, DevOps, security, tooling & products, tangible contributions to relevant industry consortiums, etc.)
 Solid technical understanding of hybrid, multi-cloud architectures (engineering/operations experience a bonus)
 Excellent writing and verbal communications skills from engineering to executive
 Excellent collaboration and people skills
 We offer Medical, TeleMedicine, Dental, Vision, Life and AD&D insurance, 401K, Leave of absence & disability benefits, paid time off & holidays and more.
 For Colorado residents, compensation range is $200K-250K per year with 30% bonus.
 Equinix is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability. Equinix 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Chief Technology Officer jobs in Redwood City, CA Jobs at Equinix in Redwood City, CA Chief Technology Officer salaries in Redwood City, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Equinix Equinix 266 reviews Equinix is the world’s digital infrastructure company. Digital leaders harness our trusted platform to bring together and interconnect th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
