
 
 
 
 Head of Operations Digital Biologics Platform - Framingham, MA 01701 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Head of Operations Digital Biologics Platform Sanofi 4,216 reviews Framingham, MA 01701 Sanofi 4,216 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Position Overview: 
Sanofi tirelessly continues its path towards becoming a world-class biologics organization and it is expanding the capabilities in this area. The Global Digital Biologics Platform (DBxP) is one of the cornerstones of this ambition, through its mission and key objectives to establish and implement the digital strategy for Global Large Molecules Research (LMR). The LMR organization consists of five sites in the EU and the US, and approximately 550 personnel focused on antibodies, nanobodies and synthorins as therapeutic modalities. DBxP’s strategy begins with the core foundational approach to our data governance and extends to the implementation of advanced initiatives in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence (ML/AI) to improve our workflows and increase our ability to deliver First-in-Class and Best-in-Class biologic drugs to the market. We have a comprehensive program ranging from deep-mining of antibody repertoire, developability prediction, multi-specific antibody design to in silico protein engineering and de novo protein design. We utilize unique in-house big data generation platforms as well as latest ML and NLP-based computing methods. 
This position will report to the Global Head of DBxP and will be responsible for overseeing daily project operations in digital foundational activities and digital innovation. She/he will be working with key collaborators across Sanofi including other DBxP site leads and application leads, ITS, DDS (Digital Data Sciences); other Research Platforms (e.g. DMPK, IDD, TS), Therapeutic Areas, Sanofi-Pasteur, and others as needed to advance our comprehensive global digital strategy. She/he will also help manage ongoing external collaborations with key academic institutions in the US and Europe, as well as industry partners. To create an impactful and differentiating group, we are searching for an interdisciplinary individual who has broad knowledge of LMR’s domain (biologics drug discovery and design) as well as computational experience. Furthermore, for this position, the individual should ideally be thinking holistically on the topic of “digital transformation”. This is a great opportunity to have a significant impact on the practice of drug discovery and on driving the modernization of a research organization. 
Key Accountabilities: 
Work with the Global Head of DBxP in managing the implementation of global DBxP digital policies and strategy, impacting an organization of ~550 FTEs. 
Establish global processes and systems for collecting, managing, and monitoring all computational site requirements, technical specifications and deployment processes; computational operational and innovation resources; and roadmaps for operationalizing ML/AI tools, technologies and workflows. 
Work with Site Leads to manage stakeholders, anticipate risks, plan and defend resource needs. 
Establish a system for managing metrics/KPIs relevant to digital transformation, data governance, operationalization of advanced technologies, impact on biologics discovery and engineering platform performance. 
Establish a process for global monitoring to ensure maintenance of computational platforms together with Digital Research and Digital and Data Sciences (e.g. ensuring update of predictive models with newly accumulated data). 
Be the supporting primary contact for internal and external LMR digital efforts; work with wider internal (listed above) and external Sanofi partners as needs arise. 
Work closely with DBxP Site Leads and DBxP Advanced Applications Lead(s) in US, France, Germany and Belgium to maximize synergies between technology development workstreams and technology innovation; proactive identification of computational opportunities by regular exchange with site leads. Conceptualize and lead cross-functional innovation workstreams. 
As part of DBxP LT, continuously contribute to digital strategy definition and global project prioritization. 
Drive operational excellence, develop and implement process improvements and innovative computational solutions, aligned with global DBxP and global LMRP strategy. 
Essential Qualifications: 
Ph.D. in bioinformatics, natural sciences, bioengineering or related discipline. 
Demonstrated broad understanding of biologics R&D, demonstrated computational background, with minimum 10 years industrial and/or academic experience in either domain. 
Successful in designing and executing strategic and operating plans and budgets. 
Solid understanding and keeping abreast of state of the art in computational opportunities in biologics discovery and development, including latest ML/AI methods. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Demonstrated experience or proficiency in one or more of the following: ML/AI in antibody/nanobody discovery (e.g. mining NGS repertoire data), performance of sequence- or structure-based evolutionary analyses, structure determination, structure prediction, de novo antibody/nanobody/protein design, development of developability prediction models. 
LEAD skills: 
Operational excellence: project- and results-oriented, delivers on agreed objectives and on time; demands and drives scientific rigor and quality of execution; strives for more-better-faster. 
Organizational leadership: teamwork; decision making; ability to set clear directions and objectives, and to motivate/engage/guide/empower teams to execute; ability to embrace and implement organizational change. 
Problem solving: ability to deal with priority/timelines/cost constraints and performance trade-offs; negotiation and conflict resolution ability. 
Professional communication and influencing: Ability to set-up and communicate organization priorities and to get buy-in from relevant stakeholders; ability to properly manage expectations. 
Sanofi US Services, Inc. and its U.S. affiliates are Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employers committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race; color; creed; religion; national origin; age; ancestry; nationality; marital, domestic partnership or civil union status; sex, gender, gender identity or expression; affectional or sexual orientation; disability; veteran or military status or liability for military status; domestic violence victim status; atypical cellular or blood trait; genetic information (including the refusal to submit to genetic testing) or any other characteristic protected by law. 
#GD-SA 
#LI-SA 
At Sanofi diversity and inclusion is foundational to how we operate and embedded in our Core Values. We recognize to truly tap into the richness diversity brings we must lead with inclusion and have a workplace where those differences can thrive and be leveraged to empower the lives of our colleagues, patients and customers. We respect and celebrate the diversity of our people, their backgrounds and experiences and provide equal opportunity for all. SanofiUS 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Head of Digital jobs in Framingham, MA Jobs at Sanofi in Framingham, MA Head of Digital salaries in Framingham, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sanofi Sanofi 4,216 reviews Sanofi is dedicated to supporting people through their health challenges. We are a global biopharmaceutical company focused on human heal... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
