
 
 
 
 Software Developer, Audio, Devices & Services - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Developer, Audio, Devices & Services Google 3,871 reviews San Francisco, CA Google 3,871 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience. 
 3 years of audio software development experience, or 1 year with an advanced degree. 
 Software development experience in C++
 Experience with signal processing and audio filtering 
 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
2 years of experience with relevant realtime audio signal-processing (3D, spatial, adaptive) software development in C/C++ 
 Experience optimizing algorithm implementations for speed on special purpose hardware
 Experience with DSP programming and/or ARM-based SoC development
 Experience with human listening and audio perception
 Experience with 3D/Spatial audio, noise reduction and echo cancellation
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 
With your technical expertise you will manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. You will design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions. 
 
This work combines both implementation challenges (i.e., to make the system as flawlessly and efficiently as possible on the hardware we have) with R&D challenges (i.e., to make audio quality outstanding, to make the system easier to build/use, to make everything more robust, etc.). This work combines audio signal processing with human listening and perception to create a one-of-a-kind system. 
Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Devices & Services team combines the best of Google AI, Software, and Hardware to create radically helpful experiences for users. We research, design, and develop new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, seamless, and more powerful. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, the Devices & Services team is making people's lives better through technology. 
Responsibilities 
 Participate and/or enable research and development of new algorithms/processing to yield an improved audio quality/experience (noise reduction, reverberation reduction, 3D audio render, dynamic head-tracked processing)
 Devise, implement, and conduct innovative approaches for hardware quality assessment and calibration.
 Optimize audio signal processing pipeline for real-time, low-latency operation, including on-machine and network transport; this could include porting algorithms from CPU to DSP.
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Google in San Francisco, CA Software Developer salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,871 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
