
 
 
 
 Complaint Specialist - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Complaint Specialist HeartFlow, Inc. Austin, TX Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Complaint Specialist will play a critical role in the timely review of complaints to ensure investigations are complete and well documented, and regulatory reporting determination documentation. 
This position requires an understanding of Medical Device regulatory obligations for compliance within the scope of the department (E.g., 21 CFR 820.198, 21 CFR 803, 21 CFR 806, MEDDEV Annex 3 / Annex 4, Health Canada MPR and other global post-market regulatory obligations as required). 
 Job Responsabilities: 
Primary responsibilities include, but are not limited to identifying, reviewing, and processing complaints for evaluation as required by applicable regulations, standards, and company policy.
 Assist Customer Support and serve as a liaison for complaint escalations.
 Review of complaint investigations and trends. General understanding of CAPA, NCR, and Health Hazard Evaluation. 
 Skills Needed: 
Excellent communications, documentation and time management skills required 
Critical thinking skills and great attention to detail 
Experience with EDMS - Electronic Document Management System 
Proficient with Windows, MS Office, Excel, and PowerPoint skills 
 
 
Educational Requirements & Work Experience:
 Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent experience) 
2-5 years of related experience 
 About HeartFlow, Inc. 
HeartFlow, Inc. is a medical technology company redefining the way heart disease is diagnosed and treated. Our non-invasive HeartFlow FFRct Analysis leverages deep learning to create a personalized 3D model of the heart. By using this model, clinicians can better evaluate the impact a blockage has on blood flow and determine the best treatment for patients. Our technology is reflective of our Silicon Valley roots and incorporates decades of scientific evidence with the latest advances in artificial intelligence. The HeartFlow FFRct Analysis is commercially available in the United States, Canada, Europe and Japan. For more information, visit www.heartflow.com. 
HeartFlow, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to a work environment that supports, inspires, and respects all individuals and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local law. This policy applies to every aspect of employment at HeartFlow, including recruitment, hiring, training, relocation, promotion, and termination. 
Positions posted for HeartFlow are not intended for or open to third party recruiters / agencies. Submission of any unsolicited resumes for these positions will be considered to be free referrals. HeartFlow, Inc. 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Specialist jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at HeartFlow in Austin, TX Specialist salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from HeartFlow, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
