
 
 
 
 VP, Management Information Systems (MIS) SAN FRANCISCO, CAFINANCE - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VP, Management Information Systems (MIS) SAN FRANCISCO, CAFINANCE Tonal 2 reviews San Francisco, CA Tonal 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who We Are 
Tonal has built the world’s most intelligent fitness system that is changing the way people work out at home. Tonal is a fresh approach to fitness that leverages hardware, software, video content, and artificial intelligence. Everyone who has seen or used our product, from professional athletes to fitness enthusiasts, has fallen in love. 
 
At Tonal, we are applying our collective knowledge and creativity to reimagine fitness. We know firsthand that too many hurdles stand between each of us and our fitness goals. Drawing on decades of research and a diverse team of experts, we have created the most advanced strength training system available that makes working out more efficient, effective, and engaging. 
 
We're passionate about building products that transform people's lives. 
Overview 
This role will lead the architecting, implementation, and ongoing refinement of our core business applications (eCommerce, ERP, CRM, Support and Field Operations, Middleware). The VP of MIS will collaborate with the business leaders on the transaction, reporting, and analytics tools to scale the business, reduce cycle times and improve the total cost of ownership. This role requires an in-depth knowledge of the business operations as it will help design and implement the end-to-end systems that enable key business solutions such as bundling of SaaS subscription and physical product sales and fulfillment, marketplace platform, 360-degree view of the customer, omni-channel marketing, and sales, and leading-edge supply chain models. The MIS platforms we are developing are scalable and flexible, enabling the business to be agile, such as rapidly onboarding partners and acquisitions. 
 
 What You Will Do 
Responsible for the leadership and oversight of the core business applications of Tonal (Ecomm, ERP, CRM, Supply Chain, Order Management and Logistics and integration, and BI/DW) and infrastructure with the goal of supporting Tonal’s business objectives Coordinates MIS efforts with appropriate departments Organize, plan, direct Tonal’s MIS functions. Develop and manage the budget for MIS Establishes, implements, and administers MIS policies and procedures Responsible for future technological innovations and the development and implementation of the MIS strategic plan For the above areas, drive disaster recovery planning and mitigation strategies Monitor and drive improvements in technical and processing priorities and methods Build out the MIS team by technology, business function, and geographic support. Assign, manage, develop and lead staff Functions as a member of the management team, is aligned with and promotes values, provides leadership, and participates in establishing and implementing major goals and strategic objectives of the MIS group’s objectives, policies, and plans 
Who You Are 
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or non-related field with equivalent computer science job experience required 15 or more years of experience in management information services and operations, preferably in a consumer products or consumer electronics company that has omni-channel operations, outsourced partners, and utilizes SaaS-based applications 
Tonal is committed to meeting the diverse needs of people with disabilities in a timely manner that is consistent with the principles of independence, dignity, integration and equality of opportunity. Should you have any accommodation requests, please reach out to us via our confidential email, accessibility@tonal.com. All requests will be addressed and responded to in accordance with Tonal’s Accessibility Policy and local legislation. Tonal 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Information Systems Technician jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Tonal in San Francisco, CA Information Systems Technician salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Tonal 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
