
 
 
 
 Service Innovations Product Manager - Chicago, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Service Innovations Product Manager JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,601 reviews Chicago, IL JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,601 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Program Overview 
J. P. Morgan Wholesale Payments and the Commercial Bank have launched a global, cross-Line of Business transformation program to drive a best-in-class implementations and service experience, support growth, and improve efficiency for clients and employees. We are committing significant talent and resources to: empower our simpler clients with a fully digitized experience from conversion through ongoing set up, maintenance, and service; deliver innovative capabilities to complex clients to allow them to self-service on their terms and streamline interactions with the bank; and empower employees to focus on more value-add activities by reducing the time it takes to service our clients and fulfill requests. In addition, we will leverage data science and artificial intelligence to proactively provide differentiated insights that drive better decision-making and optimize their transaction processing. 
Role Overview 
The Digital Transformation Product Manager will work on a team that is responsible for delivering an excellent experience for Client Service and Implementations employees in the Wholesale Payments Business and the Commercial Bank. The team collaboratively designs and develops a platform that facilitates best-in-class set-up & maintenance of clients, entities, accounts, products, and services; resolution of common client inquiries; and dissemination of insights. The team plays a key role in defining the strategic workflow that optimizes the internal client experience, which in turn optimizes internal and external interactions. They ensure the platform is designed to be intuitive and provides a seamless experience with a look and feel tailored to the employees' needs. This role will focus on the internal desktop and experience for the service organization. 
The team collaborates with technology partners as well other product teams in the program that are developing the underlying components that power the platform, to ensure they meet users' needs and those that offer the greatest value are prioritized. Additionally, the role entails deep Line of Business and user interactions via feedback design sessions and will require significant cross pollination with the other product teams in the program. Working as the bridge between end-users and the development team, this role will communicate the voice of the users, inform the product roadmap, articulate new features and enhancements to technologists, coordinate the successful implementation of product releases, and support ongoing product use while ensuring focus on program's strategic vision and goals and meeting deadlines. 
Key Responsibilities 
 
 Collaborate closely with technology partners to execute against strategic vision 
 Work closely with client service and implementations colleagues and key stakeholders to understand needs and pain points as well as trends in the competitive marketplace 
 Develop user journeys and other artifacts that help communicate, and rally support for, intuitive user experience that best meets the needs of the platforms' users
 Collaborate closely with the product and technology teams building the core components that enable critical underlying functionality of the portal (e.g., product initiation, document exchange, payment status transparency) 
 Identify critical dependencies, and other issues and present recommendations for resolution 
 Maintain ongoing proactive partnership with technology team members to ensure business demands are understood and delivered in an agile manner within agreed upon timeframes 
 Ensure feedback from user demos is incorporated into roadmaps so that deliverables meet business needs 
 Support client and practitioner adoption of new features/functionality 
 
 Qualifications
 
 Minimum of 4-5 years of experience, including experience in product management or user experience at a financial services, technology, or fintech firm 
 Self-starter able thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative and cross-functional environment that is results-driven 
 Creative problem solver, capable of developing innovative and differentiated solutions 
 Rigorous, logical thinker with ability to identify and articulate rationale, assumptions, and risks 
 Excellent relationship-building skills, with ability to establish trust and credibility across lines of business and functions 
 Fortitude to persevere when confronted with difficult challenges
 Strong time-management and organizational skills with ability to objectively prioritize 
 Excellent written, visual, and verbal communication skills, including ability to communicate technical topics to a non-technical audience and business needs to a technical audience
 Passion for driving toward an excellent client experience; UI/UX/design experience a significant plus
 Established track record of delivering results in a complex environment 
 Good understanding of lean/agile product development lifecycle 
 Knowledge of treasury services, wholesale payments, corporate/commercial banking and client service/implementations functions and platforms a significant plus
 Superior judgment to mitigate risk and foster an environment where risk/control issues are escalated and creative solutions are identified 
 Bachelor's degree required; graduate degree in a business or technical field preferred
 
 Additional Background
 JPMorgan Chase & Co.  (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.6 trillion and operations worldwide. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small business, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at http://www.jpmorganchase.com . 
J.P. Morgan's Corporate & Investment Bank (CIB)  is a global leader across banking, markets and investor services. The world's most important corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. With $24 trillion of assets under custody and over $420 billion in deposits, the Corporate & Investment Bank provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk and extends liquidity in markets around the world. 
J.P. Morgan Wholesale Payments  is one of the world's largest, most trusted and innovative full-service providers of domestic and international cash management, liquidity, commercial card, merchant processing, FX and escrow solutions. With more than 135,000 corporations, financial institutions, public sector agencies and non-government clients in over 180 countries across the globe, we offer specialized solutions that provide operating efficiencies and value beyond other standardized solutions available in the market. Our global product and technology platform, integrated client service model and network of operational centers enable us to deliver a consistent set of services to clients no matter where they are across the world. 
Commercial Banking (CB)  offers clients the convenience and vast banking network of Chase, combined with the thought leadership and global financial capabilities of J.P. Morgan. We deliver extensive industry knowledge, local expertise and dedicated service to more than 24,000 clients, including corporations, municipalities, financial institutions, real estate investors and owners, and not-for-profit organizations with annual revenue generally ranging from $20 million to $2 billion. We offer a comprehensive set of financial products and services including credit, equipment finance, real estate finance, treasury services and provide clients with access to the investment banking and asset management services of J.P. Morgan.JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. 
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans JPMorgan Chase 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Innovation Manager jobs in Chicago, IL Jobs at JPMorgan Chase Bank in Chicago, IL Innovation Manager salaries in Chicago, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,601 reviews One of the most respected companies in the world, Chase offers experienced professionals like you an array of opportunities to take your ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
