
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Fellowship - BMIC - Charleston, SC 29425 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Fellowship - BMIC Medical University of South Carolina 573 reviews Charleston, SC 29425 Medical University of South Carolina 573 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job no:  527883 
 Entity:  MUSC University 
 Department:  COLLEGE OF MEDICINE - COM-RESEARCH SUPPORT 
 Sub Department:  UNIV-2218060-Biomedical Informatics Center 
 Work type:  Full-Time 
 Employee Type:  UNIV - Post Doc 
 Location:  Charleston, SC-Downtown 
 Categories:  Research 
 Pay scale:  UNIV-Band 0: Commensurate with experience. 
 FLSA:  Salaried 
 
 
Job Summary:  The Translational Biomedical Informatics Center (TBIC) at the Medical University of South Carolina (MUSC) invites applications from qualified candidates for the position of Natural Language Processing (NLP) post-doctoral fellow. The successful candidate will participate in innovative research using NLP methods for unstructured clinical data (i.e., text notes in the patient electronic health record) reuse for clinical research, quality improvement, and other secondary uses. The resulting novel resources will be key new capabilities of the Medical University of South Carolina healthcare and research infrastructure and of the South Carolina Clinical and Translational Research Institute. 
 
The TBIC seeks candidates who understand the true value of artificial intelligence for improving healthcare, have strong research interests in unstructured clinical data reuse and mining electronic health records, and can independently lead projects, work in teams and contribute to shaping scientific objectives. Required qualifications and experience include a track-record of success in natural language processing and machine learning; experience with biomedical text, terminologies/ontologies, healthcare data standards, and information visualization; high proficiency in software programming; a working knowledge of big data technologies (e.g., Hadoop, NoSQL) and cloud computing; and excellent oral and written communication skills. Candidates must hold a doctoral degree in Computer Science, Linguistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Biomedical Informatics, Medicine, or other fields related with NLP. 
 
Payscale Salary Range:  UNIV-Band 0: Commensurate with experience. 
 
Job Duties: 
 
 30% - Conduct NLP research within the scope of TBIC efforts. Independently lead projects, and work in teams or individually. - (Essential) 
 20% - Performs statistical analyses, including selecting the appropriate analysis procedure, setting up data for analysis, judging validity and reliability of data, designing and writing programs to perform analyses, and producing written reports on the result of the analyses. - (Essential) 
 20% - Contribute to scientific publications and conferences. Prepare written reports and collaborate in scientific publications authoring and research findings presentation at scientific conferences. - (Essential) 
 15% - Supervise and be responsible for training staff, graduate assistants, or student employees. - (Essential) 
 10% - Consultation with co-investigators on appropriate design and development. Assists faculty researchers and other collaborators, or may act independently, in planning and designing research experiments; establishing priorities and recommending schedules, time tables and costs. - (Essential) 
 5% - Contribute to shaping scientific objectives, research projects planning, execution, and analysis. Collaborating with the TBIC chair and other BMIC faculty members, the successful candidate will participate in the preparation (e.g., research grant application development) and execution of research projects. - (Essential) 
 
 
Preferred Experience & Additional Skills: 
 A doctoral degree in computer science, linguistics, mathematics, engineering, biomedical informatics, medicine, or other area related with NLP.
 Good publication record related to biomedical Natural Language Processing
 Willingness to coordinate and supervise part of the research activity of the TBIC. Ability to work in a collaborative environment, with a strong commitment to achieving research goals. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Ability to communicate in a clear and concise manner.
 Solid computer programming skills.
 Extensive ability to write and revise computer software.
 Experience with biomedical text processing. Experience with biomedical terminologies/ontologies and healthcare data standards. 
Desired Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: 
 Project and team management experience. Experience with clinical text and electronic health records. 
 
 
Minimum Experience and Training Requirements:  A doctoral degree in computer science, linguistics, mathematics, engineering, biomedical informatics, medicine, or other area related with NLP. 
 
 Physical Requirements:  Ability to perform job functions in an upright position. (Frequent) Ability to perform job functions in a seated position. (Continuous) Ability to perform job functions while walking/mobile. (Frequent) Ability to climb, using step stool. (Infrequent) Ability to work in temperature extremes (32? F to 100? F) when required due to assignments in cold rooms and/or foreign countries. (Infrequent) Ability to work in confined/cramped spaces. (Continuous) Ability to bend at the waist. (Frequent) Ability to twist at the waist. (Frequent) Ability to fully use both hands/arms. (Continuous) Ability to perform repetitive motions with hands/wrists/elbows and shoulders. (Frequent) Ability to fully use both legs. (Frequent) Ability to reach in all directions, stretch, bend, while moving items/materials from both sitting and standing positions. (Frequent) Ability to maintain good olfactory sensory function/distinction. (Continuous) Ability to lift materials up to 20 lbs., unassisted. (Infrequent) Ability to lift and carry 4 liter waste material bottles a distance of 30 feet, unassisted. (Frequent) Ability to lift and carry 25-30 lbs. jugs of liquid a distance of 100 feet, unassisted. (Infrequent) Ability to lift file boxes, from floor level to counter tops, unassisted. (Frequent) Ability to push/ Ability to lift 40 lbs. centrifuge rotors from floor level to height of 40 inches, then down 20 inches into centrifuge drum, unassisted. (Infrequent) Ability to lift 25 lbs. boxes, from floor level to maximum height of 72 inches, unassisted. (Infrequent) Ability to push/pull file boxes from one location to another at floor level. (Frequent) Ability to maneuver heavy equipment on bench tops, 50 lbs. or greater, unassisted. (Frequent) Ability to perform gross motor functions with frequent fine motor movements. (Continuous) Ability to maintain 20/20 vision, corrected. (Continuous) Ability to match or discriminate between colors, normally. (Continuous) Ability to hear and recognize various alarms emitting from work area systems. (Continuous) Ability to hear and/or understand conversations. (Continuous) Ability to work in a darkroom for processing film, etc. (Continuous) Ability to be qualified physically for respirator use, initially and annually. (Continuous) 
 
 
 The Medical University of South Carolina is an Equal Opportunity Employer. MUSC does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion or belief, age, sex, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, protected veteran status, family or parental status, or any other status protected by state laws and/or federal regulations. All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment based upon applicable qualifications, merit and business need. 
 
 
 Opening date:  03 Feb 2021 Eastern Standard Time 
 Applications close: Medical University of South Carolina 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Company Info Follow Get job updates from Medical University of South Carolina Medical University of South Carolina 573 reviews The Medical University of South Carolina (MUSC) has grown from a small private medical school founded in 1824 into one of the nation’s to... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
