
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Homestead ARB, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Booz Allen Hamilton 2,254 reviews Homestead ARB, FL Booz Allen Hamilton 2,254 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Challenge: 
Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. 
 
We have an opportunity for you to use your leadership and analytical skills to improve artificial intelligence and data analysis capabilities for Aerospace Command and Control missions. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, use automation, apply machine learning, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help warfighters and military leaders make informed decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good in new command and control aerospace initiatives. This position requires the ability to travel 10% of the time. 
Empower change with us. 
You Have: 
Experience with GEOINT ArcGIS model 
Ability to interpret and create heat maps leveraging sentiment data 
Ability to experiment and solve complex open-ended client challenges 
Ability to execute forecast models, trend, and comparative analyses 
Ability to travel up to 10% of the time 
Top Secret clearance 
BA or BS degree 
 Nice If You Have: 
Experience with Python, R, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, or Neural Networks 
Experience with creating PowerBI or RShiny Dashboards 
Knowledge of r-squared values and coefficients of determination 
Knowledge of intelligence community (IC) systems, policies, platforms, data types, and challenges 
Knowledge of Modzy 
MA or MS degree 
Clearance: 
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Top Secret clearance is required. 
Build Your Career: 
 At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you’ll have the chance to: 
access online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk 
change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition 
participate in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government 
You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success. 
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change. Booz Allen Hamilton Today original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Homestead ARB, FL Jobs at Booz Allen Hamilton in Homestead ARB, FL Data Scientist salaries in Homestead ARB, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Booz Allen Hamilton Booz Allen Hamilton 2,254 reviews At Booz Allen, we believe that your talents are the gateway to tomorrow. Working at the leading-edge of AI, data science, digital transfo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
