
 
 
 
 Senior Computational Drug Designer - Miami, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Computational Drug Designer Exscientia Miami, FL Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Exscientia are looking for a Senior Computational Drug Designer to work alongside Medicinal Chemists applying Exscientia AI tools to discover drugs with unprecedented productivity gains in small molecule drug discovery. 
 
 As the Senior Computational drug designer you will be responsible for applying Exscientia’s AI algorithms in multiple projects in close collaboration with Medicinal chemists and Pharmacologists. From your educational background and work experience, you will know how medicinal chemists design new molecules and will be an expert in using advanced features from our algorithms. Furthermore you will confidently present the AI algorithm results to external customers. 
Exscientia is a company that is committed to getting medicines to patients in the fastest and most effective manner. We do this by applying the latest research in Artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning and modern high-performance computational methods to transform drug design. Exscientia is at the forefront of Artificial Intelligence (AI) driven drug discovery and the only company to have used AI to design drug molecules that are currently in clinical studies. 
All of our Innovation is driven by people; highly talented multi-disciplinary teams that work collaboratively to solve real world drug discovery problems. Following multiple partnerships with many leading Pharmaceutical companies and research institutes, we have a robust and rapidly expanding portfolio of projects and we are looking to substantially expand our biology group. The Senior Computational Drug Designer is crucial for our continuous growth. 
 As the Senior Computation Drug Designer you will have the opportunity to 
Work as the lead computational designer within the drug design teams to apply AI algorithms and deliver on project objectives. 
Understand and use ligand and structure-based computational chemistry methods to design and prioritise compounds. 
Key contact for technical discussions with external collaborators. 
Continuously advance the Exscientia technology platform with your insights from projects through collaborations with researchers and engineers in the technology group. 
 
 
What's required? 
Understanding of medicinal chemistry principles applied to drug discovery projects 
Enthusiasm for computer-aided and structure-based drug design and passionate about the idea of discovering novel therapeutics by application of technology 
PhD with 2+ years or Master's degree with 5+ years industry experience in chemistry, medicinal chemistry, cheminformatics, computational chemistry or a related field 
Worked on diverse problems and demonstrated good judgement in selecting methods to deliver solutions 
Excellent interpersonal, oral, and written communication skills: you will need to be able to communicate effectively with team members as well as external audiences having diverse professional backgrounds 
 
 
Desirable criteria 
Experience in fragment-based methods 
Experience applying machine learning methods for predictive modeling of potency and ADME data, and generative molecule design. 
Exposure to chemogenomics databases (e.g. ChEMBL, PubChem) 
Knowledge of coding, or prepared to learn coding in Python 
 
 
Reasons for joining us 
Making a positive contribution to patients by revolutionising the pharmaceutical industry through AI-driven discovery. 
Kick-start or further grow your career - at Exscientia, you will have the opportunity to acquire valuable skills, work on problems that matter, and learn from world-class technical and scientific leaders. 
Highly competitive compensation as we continue to grow and thrive. 
Funding for professional development and conference attendance. 
Opportunity to join an inclusive, collaborative and intellectually stimulating culture 
Health and well-being are important to us, we provide private healthcare, dental cover, optical cover, life assurance, virtual GP Service, wellbeing and mindfulness support. 
401k plan 
Work from a brand new office in the heart of Miami one of the most exciting places in the United States. We are just a block away from the waterfront, within walking distance of the Wynwood Art District and across the bridge from South Beach. 
Flexible working hours and remote working to allow you to manage your own time. 
 
 
Exscientia embraces equal opportunity and is committed to providing a diverse and inclusive community where everybody feels welcome. We welcome applications from all people regardless of background. If you're a Computation Drug Designer looking for a new challenge within an exciting environment at the forefront of AI. then please apply today to learn more! 
Exscientia does not offer visa sponsorships for this position and applicants must be eligible to work in the United States. Exscientia 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Designer jobs in Miami, FL Jobs at Exscientia in Miami, FL Senior Designer salaries in Miami, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Exscientia Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
