
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor - Geosensing Systems Engineering - Houston, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor - Geosensing Systems Engineering University of Houston 1,418 reviews Houston, TX University of Houston 1,418 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Tenure track Full Job Description The Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering (CEE) at the University of Houston invites applications for one full-time tenure-track faculty position in the Geosensing Systems Engineering & Sciences (GSES) program. Candidates with multi-disciplinary interests are invited to apply at the Assistant Professor rank. 
 The University of Houston is located in a park-like campus a few minutes from downtown Houston with over 37,000 undergraduate students and 9,000 graduate students. The CEE department currently has 21 tenured or tenure-track faculty members with over 340 undergraduates, and over 125 graduate students. Houston is the fourth largest city in the U.S. with over 6.8 million in population in the greater Houston area. It is the “energy capital of the world” and houses the largest medical center in the world. The greater Houston area offers state-of-the-art recreational facilities, world-class arts and cultural activities, excellent schools, and affordable housing. The University of Houston, with one of the most diverse student bodies in the U.S., seeks to recruit and retain a diverse community of scholars. 
 The start date for this appointment is September 1, 2021. Applications received before December 15, 2020 will be given priority and the review will continue until the position is filled. 
 The University of Houston is responsive to the needs of dual career couples. 
 The University of Houston is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and is strongly and actively committed to diversity within its community. Women, minorities, veterans, and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Additionally, the University prohibits discrimination in employment on the basis of sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression. 
 Qualifications : 
The applicant must have an earned Ph.D. in geomatics, geodetic science and/or a related field of civil/environmental/aerospace/mechanical engineering with some working knowledge and expertise in one or more of the following: machine learning and artificial intelligence, synthetic aperture radar, satellite geodesy, GNSS, lidar, hyper-spectral imaging, photogrammetry and machine vision, signal processing or optics and remote sensing instrument design and development. 
 The successful applicant will be a part of a team of faculty members and research scientists to develop graduate courses and secure externally funded research grants to support the multi-disciplinary graduate research program in GSES. The program maintains a state-of-the-art facility and is associated with the National Center for Airborne Laser Mapping (NCALM) funded by NSF. 
 
Notes to Applicant :  Offical transcripts are required for a faculty appointment and will be requested upon selection of the final candidate. All positions at the University of Houston are security sensitive and will require a criminal history check. 
 
Required Attachments by Candidate :  Curriculum Vitae, Teaching Philosophy or Statement, Research Statement 
 
Employee Status :  Regular/Benefits 
 
Job Posting :  Nov 10, 2020, 9:49:26 AM University of Houston 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Houston, TX Jobs at University of Houston in Houston, TX Assistant Professor salaries in Houston, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Houston University of Houston 1,418 reviews Founded in 1927, the University of Houston is the leading public research university in the vibrant international city of Houston, TX, th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
