
 
 
 
 Director Drug Design - Miami, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director Drug Design Exscientia Miami, FL Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Exscientia Is a company that is committed to getting medicines to patients in the fastest and most effective manner. We do this by applying the latest research in Artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning and modern high-performance computational methods to transform drug design. Exscientia is at the forefront of Artificial Intelligence (AI) driven drug discovery and the only company to have used AI to design drug molecules that are currently in clinical studies. 
All of our Innovation is driven by people; highly talented multi-disciplinary teams that work collaboratively to solve real world drug discovery problems. Following multiple partnerships with many leading Pharmaceutical companies and research institutes, we have a robust and rapidly expanding portfolio of projects and we are looking to substantially expand our drug discovery operations. We are now adding key appointments to our group –  Director Drug Design . Reporting to  SVP, Head of Drug Design , these positions are integral to support and build the Company’s drug discovery pipeline as it executes the next phase of its life cycle. We are looking for proven drug hunters to join our design team. 
 
Leading multiple drug discovery programmes you will work closely with Computational Designers to set overall strategic objectives (including contribution to asset product profiles) and be responsible for the delivery of lead and candidate milestones. 
 
Through analysis of test results, you will propose design  criteria  for each iteration as well as working within project core teams to identify appropriate assays for further evaluation of current lead molecules. In collaboration with design team members you will identify sets of new molecular targets for completion by synthetic teams within preferred CROs or our external collaborators. 
 
The influence of this position extends beyond Exscientia’s drug discovery portfolio. Suitable candidates will be expected to work closely with the technology development team to identify and define key platform improvements. In addition, you will provide medicinal chemistry input on potential new biological targets to support decisions on their inclusion in the Exscientia portfolio ( e.g.  tractability, strategic approach, hit-finding strategies). 
 
Finally, as a seasoned drug hunter, you will provide mentorship to less experienced project team members as they build their medicinal chemistry careers within Exscientia. 
 What will you bring to the role? 
Educated to PhD level with 10+ years’ experience of industrial medicinal chemistry 
Highly motivated with a track record of candidate delivery 
Embrace modern drug discovery technologies and enthusiasm to apply algorithm-derived compound designs 
Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English 
 Desirable Skills 
Domain knowledge in medicinal computational chemistry or structural biology as applied to contemporary drug discovery 
Prior involvement with late pre-clinical teams 
 What can you expect from us? 
Making a positive contribution to patients by revolutionizing the pharmaceutical industry through AI-driven discovery. 
Kick-start or further grow your career - at Exscientia, you will have the opportunity to acquire valuable skills, work on problems that matter, and learn from world-class technical and scientific leaders. 
Highly competitive compensation as we continue to grow and thrive. 
Funding for professional development and conference attendance. 
Opportunity to join an inclusive, collaborative and intellectually stimulating culture. 
Work from a brand new office in the heart of Miami - one of the most exciting places in the United States. We are just a block away from the waterfront, within walking distance of the Wynwood Art District and across the bridge from South Beach. 
 Exscientia embraces equal opportunity and is committed to providing a diverse and inclusive community where  everybody  feels welcome. We welcome applications from all people regardless of background. Exscientia 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Design Director jobs in Miami, FL Jobs at Exscientia in Miami, FL Design Director salaries in Miami, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Exscientia Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
