
 
 
 
 ASSISTANT DIRECTOR OF FACILITIES - Seattle, WA 98195 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ASSISTANT DIRECTOR OF FACILITIES University of Washington 1,184 reviews Seattle, WA 98195 University of Washington 1,184 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Notes:   As a UW employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For detailed information on Benefits for this position,  click here. 
 
 
 For more information on the Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering, visit the  Allen School website. 
 
 
 As a UW employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. UW employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world.
 
 
UW faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty.
 
 
 The Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering  at the University of Washington educates tomorrow’s innovators, conducts cutting-edge research in core and emerging areas of the field, and leads a broad range of multi-disciplinary initiatives that demonstrate the transformative power of computing. Consistently ranked among the top computer science programs in the nation, the Allen School is widely recognized for the excellence and impact of our research and teaching across the region and around the globe. As a leader in efforts to broaden participation in computing, we are committed to advancing diversity, equity and inclusion in our program and in our field. Members of the Allen School actively work to cultivate a welcoming community in which students, faculty and staff with diverse backgrounds, identities and experiences can thrive. The Allen School occupies two spectacular buildings — the Paul G. Allen Center and the adjacent Bill & Melinda Gates Center — located at the heart of the UW campus in Seattle.
 
 
 The Allen School  has an outstanding opportunity for an  Assistant Director of Facilities.
 
 
The Assistant Director of Facilities (ADF) leads strategic planning efforts and oversees the implementation of space and infrastructure support for all space within the Allen School. The School has two dedicated buildings: the Paul G. Allen Center and the Bill and Melinda Gates Center. This public facing position requires continuous daily interaction with a wide ranging and diverse clientele within the School, the University of Washington (UW), and the local community. The on-site ADF oversees the Allen School’s daily operations including strategic space planning and implementation, facilities management, safety and security management, and personnel management. The ADF works most closely with the faculty Associate Director of Facilities, and has a reporting relationship to the Director of Finance and Administration.
 
 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 
 Strategic Planning and Implementation (25%) 
 
 Work directly with the faculty Associate Director of Facilities, faculty, and staff on initiatives for continuous improvement and optimization of the operational functions of the buildings.
 
 Head the Allen School Space Committee responsible for anticipating space requirements for faculty, visitors, staff, students, and instructional/research computing labs. Develop long and short-range plans and manage space assignments working closely with the Associate Director of Facilities.
 
 Collaborate with Allen School faculty and the Executive Staff team to meet their (often challenging) needs while also understanding the global goals of the School.
 
 Work with Lab Managers and faculty PI’s to research, plan, and execute changes to adapt facilities as needed to support the growing and complex needs of new and evolving research labs such as Artificial Intelligence, Fabrication Research, Data Science, Robotics, Computational Biology, etc.
 
 Efficiently design and execute remodeling projects to rebuild or repurpose space in response to a constant influx of new faculty and staff hires.
 
 
 Space Management (25%) 
 
 Independently manage the day-to-day facilities activities that support the research and instructional environment.
 
 Manage construction and alterations projects, write and submit proposals to secure outside funding (e.g. COE Minor Remodel).
 
 Work closely with the Associate Director of Facilities to prioritize projects based on available funding.
 
 Secure the Director of Finance and Administration’s approval for major expenditures.
 
 Analyze and define project requirements with Allen School faculty and technical staff.
 
 Independently develop design concepts considering all requirements such as computing and electrical requirements, number of people using the space, air conditioning, lighting, furnishings, etc.
 
 Submit requests, review, and approve estimates and timelines. Act as liaison between School personnel and the Design Division, Alterations staff, outside contractors and vendors. Participate in construction meetings, continually provide information to personnel affected by the remodel, coordinate timelines, and provide alteration alternatives as needed.
 
 Create policies and procedures concerning access and use of school spaces including instructional and research labs, offices, and general spaces to ensure security and safety of School property and building occupants.
 
 Supervise Operations Manager and team members responsible for assisting with facilities issues including responding to routine maintenance requests, coordinating moves, providing brass keys and cardkey access, maintaining facilities records, updating occupancy signage. The ADF provides guidance for special access requests and resolves cardkey issues/problems working directly with Operations staff and the IT Support Team.
 
 Negotiate Memoranda of Understanding (MOU) with Housing and Food Services (HFS), working directly with the Director of Finance and Administration and HFS representatives.
 
 
 Facilities Management (25%) 
 
 Act as liaison between UW shop supervisors and appropriate staff to prioritize and schedule major facility maintenance issues.
 
 Act as liaison with UW Academic Technologies regarding classrooms in the Bill & Melinda Gates Center.
 
 Oversee Incident management/response to major facilities issues (i.e. plumbing leaks, cooling failures, etc.).
 
 Maintain space inventory information in Allen School facilities database and campus GeoSims.
 
 Review internal work tickets, assuring customer satisfaction and building optimization. Work with Operations team to ensure all spaces are fully functional, operational, and free of hazards or safety issues.
 
 Manage inventory of all furniture assets with coordinator team, order additional furniture for all spaces according to Allen School design specifications.
 
 
 Security, Health and Safety Management (15%) 
 
 Provide and manage responses to building security incidents. Work with the Associate Director of Facilities, the Director of Finance and Administration, and other senior staff to plan and strategize best practices for school security, assets, and personnel safety. Liaison with UWPD and off campus security teams as needed for special events.
 
 Work with UWPD to provide direction to the onsite UWPD swing-shift security guard who oversees the buildings. Participate in the hiring and selection of guard candidates and coordinate with UWPD to create policies and procedures related to building security and guard job performance. Provide feedback to the guard and the guard's direct supervisor.
 
 Negotiate MOU with UWPD regarding schedule, salary, and fees. Review and respond as needed to nightly reports. Create/update security manual utilized by UWPD
 
 Manage the School’s Health and Safety Coordinator. Review health and safety plans to assure compliance with University, state and federal regulations and implement safety changes. Work with Evacuation Director for drills and emergencies; interface with city safety and emergency personnel.
 
 Direct and lead internal teams to implement tools to align with safety regulations.
 
 Assign and direct a special projects manager who carries out facilities and Operations team related projects such as COVID safety training, internal tools/web page development, the Business, Academic, and Research Continuity (BARC) plan, etc.
 
 Oversee School health and safety coordinator of the UW College level Group 9 Safety Committee. Review monthly meetings and review recommendations to improve and implement UW safety policies.
 
 
 Staff Management (10%) 
 
 Supervise six professional and classified staff employees including two Operations staff, an Operations Manager, a Project Manager, and two research Lab Managers, as well as provide lateral management to an administrative assistant located in the Gates Center and a UWPD security guard.
 
 Responsible for hiring, training, performance reviews, pay adjustments and disciplinary action if necessary. Provide direction and priorities, review the quality/quantity of work assignments.
 
 
 REQUIREMENTS: 
 
 Bachelor’s degree in a related field.
 
 5 years of experience in facility management and experience in a supervisory role.
 
 Experience working in an educational setting.
 
 Experience working in a high-tech environment.
 
 Demonstrated ability to work independently, problem solve, take initiative, set priorities and handle multiple projects efficiently and effectively.
 
 Proven experience working in a deadline driven environment.
 
 Excellent written and oral communication skills.
 
 Effective interpersonal skills to interact with diverse groups in a team environment.
 
 Demonstrated commitment to valuing diversity and contributing to an inclusive working and learning environment.
 
 Proficiency with use of computers, experience with Excel, electronic mail and Internet systems.
 
 
 Equivalent education/experience will substitute for all minimum qualifications except when there are legal requirements, such as a license/certification/registration. 
 
 
 DESIRED EXPERIENCE 
 
 Knowledge of UW facilities systems (CAAMS key card system).
 
 Knowledge of UW policies and procedures.
 
 Bachelor’s degree in Urban Planning, Architecture, Business, Engineering, or STEM area
 
 
 Work Conditions 
 
 Overtime or extended hours are a regular aspect of this position.
 
 The ADF must be available to meet with contractors or other UW personnel outside of normal business hours to direct or manage projects, and address urgent maintenance issues and events.
 
 The ADF is required to be on call 24/7 for emergency situations, and must respond immediately to any building hazardous conditions that threaten the safety or lives of building occupants and visitors.
 
 
 Application Process: 
 
The application process for UW positions may include completion of a variety of online assessments to obtain additional information that will be used in the evaluation process. These assessments may include Workforce Authorization, Cover Letter and/or others. Any assessments that you need to complete will appear on your screen as soon as you select “Apply to this position”. Once you begin an assessment, it must be completed at that time; if you do not complete the assessment you will be prompted to do so the next time you access your “My Jobs” page. If you select to take it later, it will appear on your "My Jobs" page to take when you are ready.  Please note that your application will not be reviewed, and you will not be considered for this position until all required assessments have been completed. 
 
 
Applicants considered for this position will be required to disclose if they are the subject of any substantiated findings or current investigations related to sexual misconduct at their current employment and past employment. Disclosure is required under Washington state law. 
 
 Committed to attracting and retaining a diverse staff, the University of Washington will honor your experiences, perspectives and unique identity. Together, our community strives to create and maintain working and learning environments that are inclusive, equitable and welcoming. 
 The University of Washington is a leader in environmental stewardship & sustainability, and committed to becoming climate neutral.
 The University of Washington is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information. 
 To request disability accommodation in the application process, contact the Disability Services Office at  206-543-6450  or dso@uw.edu. University of Washington 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Facilities jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at University of Washington in Seattle, WA Director of Facilities salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Washington University of Washington 1,184 reviews The University of Washington, commonly referred to as Washington or informally U-Dub, or locally as UW is a public flagship research univ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
