
 
 
 
 Intern - AI/ML: Machine Learning Engineering - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Intern - AI/ML: Machine Learning Engineering Science System and Applications, Inc. 29 reviews United States Remote Science System and Applications, Inc. 29 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Temporary Full Job Description SSAI is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer.
EEO/AA-Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities 
 
 
 Intern - AI/ML: Machine Learning Engineering 
 
 Reference #:  21-3108 
 
 Open Date:  5/7/2021 
 
 Location:  Telecommuting/Home 
 
 US Citizenship Required:  No 
 
 
 
 Job Description: 
 
 Science Systems and Applications, Inc. (SSAI) has supported pioneers in science and engineering such as NASA and NOAA for more than 40 years. Our scientists, engineers, and IT professionals have made significant contributions to more than 150 Earth and space science missions by applying their passion and talent to meet the unique needs of each project. 
Are you passionate about science and technology? Do you seek a deeper understanding of how scientific and technological knowledge can be applied in real life... how it can be used to address challenges and solve problems that matter to the future of our planet? 
Through our corporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) programs, SSAI is making significant investments to grow our pool of AI/ML experts and support our customers in using these technologies to accelerate innovation in Earth and environmental science. In building our capabilities at all levels, we seek students and early-career colleagues in data science, physical science, software engineering, and more—who share our passion for applying science, engineering, and technology to improve the quality of life today and into the future. 
Our 2021 AI/ML interns will participate in a variety of activities to strengthen our technology learning paths, help build a thriving community of AI/ML practitioners, and explore the use of ML in real-world applications. Intern assignments will depend on where students are in their Data Science and/or ML Engineering learning. We will match your skills, interests, and what you enjoy with what we need. Below are some of the activities that you may participate in. 
 Contribute to the development of monitoring and tooling for machine learning systems 
 Help build pipelines to improve model lifecycle management 
 Gain experience using AWS SageMaker and other cloud technologies for MLOps 
 Write clean, portable, and well-documented code 
 Assist in identifying and vetting learning resources 
SSAI interns will also have opportunities to take part in activities and events sponsored by NASA’s 2021 internship program. 
This is a 100% virtual internship. Computer resources and all required software will be provided. 
 
 Required Qualifications: 
 
 Currently enrolled in B.S. or M.S. program in Data Science, Machine Learning, Computer Science, or related technical field 
 Solid software engineering foundations through prior coursework or experience 
 Courses or experience in high performance computing and/or machine learning 
 Experience with Python programming 
 Competency with Excel, Word, PowerPoint 
 Strong analytical and problem solving skills 
 Good interpersonal and communication skills 
 Ability to understand when help is needed and proactively seek it 
 
 Desired Qualifications: 
 
 Familiarity with AWS and DevOps cloud tools 
 Experience in ML engineering, through previous coursework, internships, or open-source projects Science System and Applications, Inc. 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in United States Jobs at Science System and Applications in United States Machine Learning Engineer salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Science System and Applications, Inc. Science System and Applications, Inc. 29 reviews Science Systems and Applications, Inc. (SSAI) is a leading provider of scientific, engineering, and IT support for customers who seek new... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
