
 
 
 
 Global Program Manager - New York, NY 10036 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Global Program Manager Marsh and McLennan 935 reviews New York, NY 10036 Marsh and McLennan 935 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. As a global leader in insurance broking and risk management, Marsh helps clients succeed by defining, designing, and delivering innovative, industry-specific solutions to effectively manage risk. 
We are looking for a Global Program Manager to join our office in New York City. 
What can you expect? 
The Global Program Manager will play a critical role in the implementation and execution of Marsh’s largest and most impactful transformation to date. In this role, you will successfully shape and deliver Marsh’s most significant, large scale, complex programs against the global strategic transformation and change agenda. Serving as a trusted advisor to O&T leadership, the Transformation leadership and business leaders, you will be responsible for the delivery of all Operational Excellence (OpEx) related priorities. With a focus on 
What is in it for you? 
Drive a bold and innovative vision to transform the Operations practice, supporting the delivery of the Operational Excellence (OpEx) agenda. 
Steer profound and disruptive change globally by leading the execution and delivery of the global Program in a major, multi-year transformation. 
Support the Chief Transformation Officer in creating and leading a world-class Transformation organization which is recognized as market leading. 
Explore newer and better ways of maximizing operational leverage in order to continually deliver enhanced commercial value across internal stakeholders, and most critically, Marsh Clients. 
Engage with senior leadership to develop strategies to address the most comprehensive and complete set of transformation objectives capable of enabling delivery of both OpEx and the strategic business objectives. 
We will count on you to: 
Develop methods for the implementation of long-term project goals and objectives for highly complex and regional projects, evaluating each project's progress and shape, and prioritizing and driving the execution of transformation needs with a focus on delivering the desired customer, colleague, operational and financial outcomes. 
Manage all project funds, develop, edit and implement project plans to manage the lifecycle and operational aspects of projects (e.g., resources, scope, schedule, cost, assumptions and dependencies) and manage work-streams, prepare Global status reports and interface with stakeholders across seven regions to ensure strategy and execution are aligned with defined objectives. 
Coordinate and communicate the activities of project personnel with relevant stakeholders to ensure progress within time and budget constraints. 
Deliver timely and high quality programs, while ensuring compliance to global governance, managing program costs, headcount, risks and issues and working to ensure benefits and values are realized. 
Help in running the program management office and reporting protocols, while managing the execution of identified high importance major change programs in the organization. 
Provide tracking and next steps in delivery of initiatives to leaders and support project teams with skills in process excellence, project management, facilitation, problem solving, accelerating transformation and value creation to drive toward required outcomes. 
Shape plans and drive strategy, make complex decisions in support of the organization’s Strategy and Values. 
Execute and implement people, process and technology change and successfully lead delivery of projects. 
What you need to have: 
12+ years of experience in program/ project management, working on large and complex solutions aligned with the strategic vision of the organization 
8+ years of experience working with, facilitating, and presenting to senior leadership in a Global Program management capacity 
Proven record of successful delivery of end-to-end transformation/complex projects, through all stages of project lifecycle 
Experience leading technology programs with a focus on platform implementation 
Agile trained and experience leading large scale programs utilizing Agile methodology
 Experience forming and leading multiple project teams delivering via SAFE or disciplined agile methodologies – structure/ processes/ tools/ capabilities/ culture 
Strong track record of independent leadership and influencing skills with ability to navigate matrix-based organizations, working across departments and levels and proven experience acting as a change agent within an international setting 
Extensive experience of people leadership in large scale project teams and demonstrated influencing experience for non-direct reports. 
What makes you stand out: 
Project Management Methodology Certification and/or Lean Six Sigma Certification 
Experience leading Agile programs 
Operations experience that intersects insurance and consulting 
Project management experience in a multi-cultural and multi-site environment 
Demonstrated ability in driving multiple simultaneous large-scale transformation programs across operations and IT in a global institution 
Strong commercial understanding of clients’ needs, with an understanding of innovative technology solutions and their business application (robotics, artificial intelligence, etc.) and ability to discuss and develop new products, processes and standards to support the business strategy 
Marsh is the world’s leading insurance broker and risk adviser. With over 35,000 colleagues operating in more than 130 countries, Marsh serves commercial and individual clients with data driven risk solutions and advisory services. Marsh is a business of Marsh & McLennan Companies (NYSE: MMC), the leading global professional services firm in the areas of risk, strategy and people. With annual revenue approaching US $17 billion and 76,000 colleagues worldwide, MMC helps clients navigate an increasingly dynamic and complex environment through four market-leading businesses: Marsh, Guy Carpenter, Mercer, and Oliver Wyman. Follow Marsh on Twitter @MarshGlobal; LinkedIn; Facebook; and YouTube, or subscribe to  BRINK . 
Marsh & McLennan Companies offers competitive salaries and comprehensive benefits and programs including: health and welfare, tuition assistance, 401K, employee assistance program, domestic partnership benefits, career mobility, employee network groups, volunteer opportunities, and other programs. For more information about our company, please visit us at: https://www.mmc.com/. 
We embrace a culture that celebrates and promotes the many backgrounds, heritages and perspectives of our colleagues and clients. For more information, please visit us at: https://www.mmc.com/about/culture/fostering-diversity-inclusion.html 
. Marsh & McLennan Companies 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Program Manager jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Marsh and McLennan in New York, NY Program Manager salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Marsh and McLennan Marsh and McLennan 935 reviews Marsh & McLennan Companies operates through four subsidiaries. Marsh specializes in insurance broking and risk management; Mercer is a co... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
