
 
 
 
 Senior Font End Engineer - Draper, UT - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Font End Engineer f5 130 reviews Draper, UT f5 130 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Come work at a place where innovation and teamwork come together to support the most exciting missions in the world! 
 
 Job Description:
 Shape provides the industry-leading web and mobile security services to top banks, global airlines, hotel chains, and social networks. Shape’s services are designed to defeat the most advanced attacks that evade traditional security defenses. Those attacks cause significant business pain to enterprises, such as credential stuffing, fake accounts, credit application fraud, gift card cracking, and scraping. Shape uses ideas from every facet of computer science including distributed computing, web/mobile security, networking, data processing, data storage, machine learning, and artificial intelligence. As Shape grows at exceptional speed, we are looking for highly-motivated and passionate individuals to join Shape.
 As a software engineer in cloud team, you will be solving unique and challenging problems in our cloud-based management system including appliance and policy management, firmware release, large-scale data collecting and visualization, and Blackfish solution. At Shape, you will work with exceptional team members and boost your career to the next level.
 Responsibilities:
 Develop new features for Shape Protection Manager that facilitates enterprise users to configure, monitor, and draw deep insights from Shape advanced security solutions
 Work closely with other engineering, product, marketing, and customer support teams for end-to-end solutions
 Requirements:
 Bachelor's degree (or above) in Computer Science or related field
 Strong computer science fundamentals in data-structures and algorithms
 5+ years of experience with JavaScript, HTML, CSS
 Experience enterprise-level software development practices
 The Job Description is intended to be a general representation of the responsibilities and requirements of the job. However, the description may not be all-inclusive, and responsibilities and requirements are subject to change.
 Please note that F5 only contacts candidates through F5 email address (ending with @f5.com) or auto email notification from Yello/Workday (ending with f5.com or  @myworkday.com  )  .
 Equal Employment Opportunity
 It is the policy of F5 to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical, or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination. Reasonable accommodation is available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request. f5 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Engineer jobs in Draper, UT Senior Engineer salaries in Draper, UT Company Info Follow Get job updates from f5 130 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
