
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Product Owner - Vista, CA 92081 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Product Owner Leica Biosystems 79 reviews Vista, CA 92081 Leica Biosystems 79 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Hate Cancer, Love AI?
 
At Leica Biosystems (LBS), our mission is to advance cancer diagnostics to improve lives. In order to achieve our mission, we have a created a dedicated Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning SBU, to arm our pathologist customers with new AI tools.
 
As an Artificial Intelligence Product Owner, you will be responsible for utilizing the Agile development approach to make sure the right product completes development. You will be translating prioritized Voice-Of-Customer and product requirements into actionable user stories with acceptance criteria. To achieve our AI ambitions, you will interface with AI Lab scientists, development team, external AI product partners, product marketing, and customer pathologists as we augment our scanning and imaging platform with new AI and ML product capabilities.
 
At LBS, we believe “the best team wins”. You will be a valued member of high-touch technical execution team recognized by the organization as leading the charge in catalyzing the industry’s rapid migration to digital pathology.
 
Major Responsibilities
 Develop the product vision, set deadlines, and define feature priorities.
 Attend sprint reviews, sprint planning sessions, and daily standups.
 Manage the product backlog and develop it from scratch.
 Responsible for adding product backlog items, user stories, and any other necessary changes.
 Determine the right release date and contents for products.
 Define the epics and communicate them to the development team.
 Prioritize user stories with the help of team members.
 Analyze and prioritize product features using sprint reviews and other similar methods.
 
 Required Education, Experience, Skills: 
Strong desire to do meaningful work in the world and chunk on challenging problems
 Bachelor’s degree in a science/technology related discipline
 PMP (preferred)
 Certified as Agile Practitioner in a known framework
 Healthcare industry experience in Diagnostics, Medical Device, or Pharmaceuticals
 5+ years in an Agile software development
 Strong Interpersonal skills with the ability to explain, educate, and tow the line around Agile discipline
 
 Candidate Interview Success looks like: 
Be prepared to talk about your specific projects, what problem you were solving, why was it important to your organization, how did the outcome compare with the objective?
 Able to demonstrate a concrete example of the journey from product development to commercialization
 
 Travel: 
10%
 
 Language: 
English fluency required. Bonus points for additional languages (esp. German, Mandarin)
 
Competencies/Behaviors
 Self-starter, highly organized :  Able to proactively groom backlog and reason through what future sprints may look like
 Team player :  Cooperate actively and able to maintain key focus on impact and accountability
 Problem Solver :  Can grind on hard problems and present reasoned arguments around possible solutions.
 Quick learner :  Able to grasp on new industries, identify and work with key players
 Meticulous Planner:  Translate big picture product vision into meticulous action plans Danaher 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Owner jobs in Vista, CA Jobs at Leica Biosystems in Vista, CA Product Owner salaries in Vista, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Leica Biosystems Leica Biosystems 79 reviews Leica Biosystems (founded 1989) is a biotechnology company that develops and supplies clinical diagnostics to the pathology market.  It i... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
