
 
 
 
 Operations Manager - Fort Bragg, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Operations Manager Booz Allen Hamilton 2,254 reviews Fort Bragg, NC Booz Allen Hamilton 2,254 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Key Role: 
Bring in-depth understanding and expertise to one or more aspects of service or joint missions, processes, and culture. Apply advanced consulting and extensive technical expertise. Develop innovative solutions to complex problems. Work without considerable direction and mentor as well as supervise team members. Work on the management of strategic projects and innovation investments designed to enhance Artificial Intelligence (AI) operations with the program director. Manage the people, processes, and technology required to successfully complete the required production and communication obligations in a timely and accurate manner. Participate in the resolution of day-to-day issues that arise, including problems with customers, third parties, internal teams, and internal systems, as needed. 
Basic Qualifications: 
5 years of experience with project management 
5 years of experience with managing many moving pieces of global and interagency integrated initiatives and crafting strategic plans to address key topic areas 
Experience with the establishment and refinement of process methodology and best practices as well as overseeing and managing these functions 
Experience with management and conflict resolution 
Knowledge of technology procurements and vendor relations 
Knowledge of how to use data to inform approach, content decisions, and measure programs in order to communicate and manage the performance of the team 
Ability to train team members on new or enhanced operating procedures and policies. 
Ability to support messaging strategies and implementation for Special Operations key projects and investments 
TS/SCI clearance 
BA or BS degree 
Additional Qualifications: 
Knowledge of data science, data analysis, software solutions, business analysis, machine learning, or DevOps 
Possession of excellent verbal and written communication skills 
MBA 
PMP, BACP, AWS Solutions Architect, ITIL, or Security+ certification 
Clearance: 
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required. 
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change. Booz Allen Hamilton 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Operations Manager jobs in Fort Bragg, NC Jobs at Booz Allen Hamilton in Fort Bragg, NC Operations Manager salaries in Fort Bragg, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Booz Allen Hamilton Booz Allen Hamilton 2,254 reviews At Booz Allen, we believe that your talents are the gateway to tomorrow. Working at the leading-edge of AI, data science, digital transfo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
