
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Data Scientist - St. Louis, MO 63141 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Data Scientist Object Computing Inc. 3 reviews St. Louis, MO 63141 Object Computing Inc. 3 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description As an Artificial Intelligence Data Scientist, you will be presented with opportunities to focus on enhancing basic concepts in image analysis, modeling and interpretation, natural language processing (NLP), neural networks, and ML/AI model building and deployment in cloud platforms such as Google Cloud Platform, Amazon Web Services, and Microsoft Azure. Key responsibilities include: Translating analytics questions into data solutions Building appropriate models that predict a defined business outcome Optimizing complex business space for new value creation Interpreting and disseminating results to diverse audiences through mediums such as presentations, dashboards, or well-documented code Developing and testing models in the cloud Controlling and assessing quality of data 
Who is Object Computing? 
At Object Computing, Inc. we offer team members a supportive, creative, and collaborative environment where they are encouraged to enhance their collective skills and employ industry best practices. We embrace continuous learning, professional development, and foster a community that welcomes change and growth. 
We proudly build transformative technology solutions by leveraging open source software and our strategic partnerships with organizations like Amazon and Google. By purposefully engaging with our clients, we help them reimagine the impact and value they can achieve using smart, connective technologies. 
OCI has expertise in constructing solutions in a variety of industries including: Aerospace, Energy and Agriculture. We partner with clients to deliver software solutions that accelerate innovation within their organization and stand up to the evolving demands of their business. Our full life cycle software engineering solutions span multiple technology domains including real-time, embedded, large-scale, integrated, and distributed systems, to modern web and cloud-enabled applications. 
 
 
Requirements 
PhD or Masters plus 3 years of professional experience in Statistics, Mathematics, Data Science, Computer Science, Engineering, or a related discipline with a focus on use of predictive analytics and optimization to influence real life decisions 
At least one year professional experience with applying quantitative research (e.g. artificial intelligence) in optimizing human decisions using technology like machine learning and/or deep learning 
Ability to communicate complex ideas in a clear, precise, and actionable manner 
Strong skills in logical reasoning and problem solving 
At least one year of professional experience with: R, Python, GUROBI/CPLEX, or MILP/MIQCP 
Experience with common data science toolkits 
 Bonus Points 
Ability to implement new algorithms efficiently and rigorously 
Demonstrated industrial experience of applying artificial intelligence, optimization and statistics to drive digital product development 
Familiarity with data management tools Object Computing Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in St. Louis, MO Jobs at Object Computing in St. Louis, MO Data Scientist salaries in St. Louis, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Object Computing Inc. 3 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
