
 
 
 
 2021 Software Engineering Summer Intern Program - Oldsmar, FL 34677 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search 2021 Software Engineering Summer Intern Program Nielsen 2,736 reviews Oldsmar, FL 34677 Nielsen 2,736 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description 2021 Software Engineering Summer Intern Program - 86661 
Technology and Engineering - USA Oldsmar, Florida 
OVERVIEW 
Nielsen is the global leader for entertainment data & technology providing insights for broadcast and on-demand video, radio, and sports. Everything we do revolves around audience and content. We are launching a 10-week Software Engineer Internship Program. Our tech teams are hyper-focused on our ability to be a cutting edge tech organization. With a keen eye on state of the art technology, we look for “what’s next” when it comes to software, frameworks, tools, and cloud-computing services. 
Joining our Software Engineer Internship Program means you will: 
Begin with an induction covering our tech strategies, products and systems, as well as an overview of our technology community 
Dive in head-first to gain hands-on experience creating innovative solutions that make a difference for our customers, clients and employees 
Work with other Interns, experienced Software Engineers, and the global Nielsen technology community to grow your skills, share ideas, and innovate 
Our Agile Technology Teams in the US are primarily in 4 major hubs. For your internship, you can be located near any of these metropolitan areas: New York Metro, NY; Chicago, IL; Emeryville, CA; Oldsmar, FL 
WHAT ARE WE LOOKING FOR? 
If you are ready to put your passion for technology to work, you will find your place here. Successful candidates will have these competencies: 
Open-minded and excited to learn and grow technology skills 
Ridiculous attention to detail and pride in the work you do 
Strong communication and relationship management skills 
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative environment 
Love all things data 
KEY SKILLS INCLUDE: 
Rising Juniors or Seniors that are pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent 
Relevant technical project work around developing systems/applications with OO or functional methodologies 
A well-rounded academic background with a minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0 
An interest in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning concepts 
An interest in protecting privacy in the digital world [core to Nielsen Measurements' value] as well as an interest in hard computational problems 
#LI-LE1 
ABOUT NIELSEN 
As the arbiter of truth, Nielsen Global Media fuels the media industry with unbiased, reliable data about what people watch and listen to. To discover what’s true, we measure across all channels and platforms⁠—from podcasts to streaming TV to social media. And when companies and advertisers are armed with the truth, they have a deeper understanding of their audiences and can accelerate growth. 
Do you want to move the industry forward with Nielsen? Our people are the driving force. Your thoughts, ideas and expertise can propel us forward. Whether you have fresh thinking around maximizing a new technology or you see a gap in the market, we are here to listen and take action. Our team is made strong by a diversity of thoughts, experiences, skills, and backgrounds. You’ll enjoy working with smart, fun, curious colleagues, who are passionate about their work. Come be part of a team that motivates you to do your best work! 
Nielsen is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class. 
Job Type:  Internship 
Primary Location : Oldsmar,Florida 
Secondary Locations:  NY - New York City, IL - Chicago, CA - Emeryville, 
Travel:  No Nielsen 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer Intern jobs in Oldsmar, FL Jobs at Nielsen in Oldsmar, FL Software Engineer Intern salaries in Oldsmar, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nielsen Nielsen 2,736 reviews Nielsen Holdings plc (NYSE: NLSN) is a global measurement and data analytics company that provides the most complete and trusted view ava... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
