
 
 
 
 Staff Software Engineer, Android - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Staff Software Engineer, Android Google 3,871 reviews Mountain View, CA Google 3,871 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's degree in a technical field or equivalent practical experience. 
 8 years of experience in mobile application development or Android framework development. 
 Programming experience in Java or Kotlin. 
 Experience architecting and designing mobile applications or frameworks. 
 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Master's degree or PhD in a related field. 
 Hands-on technical leadership experience, leading project teams and setting technical direction. 
 Experience architecting and designing large-scale systems. 
 Experience developing impactful solutions to ambiguous problems. 
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
With your technical expertise you will manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. You will design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions. 
Making the world's information universally accessible and useful doesn't stop at the desktop. The Mobile team builds tools to get you the information you need no matter where you are. Android has become the world's most popular mobile ecosystem, powering billions of devices, from smartphones to tablets, watches to TVs and everything in between. Whether adding to the core Android experience, forging new markets for digital content, creating immersive and portable versions of our products or managing relationships with a global community of developers, the Mobile team is giving you Google on the go. 
Responsibilities 
 Lead designs of major applications, software systems, and features. 
 Design compelling APIs that allow developers to create efficient and performant applications. 
 Build robust and scalable mobile components and lead new innovations in the Android ecosystem. 
 Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software quality, functionality and security. Manage project priorities, deadlines and deliverables with technical expertise. 
 Help build a team and cultivate innovation by driving cross-collaboration and execution of projects across multiple teams. Mentor and train other team members on design techniques, and coding standards. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Staff Engineer jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Google in Mountain View, CA Staff Engineer salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,871 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
