
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Research Engineer - Framingham, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Research Engineer Bose 948 reviews Framingham, MA Bose 948 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Applied Research team at Bose is seeking a Machine Learning Research Engineer to work at the intersection of Artificial Intelligence and User Experience. As a member of our team, you’ll work on problems in Audio Signal Processing and related fields, and will have the flexibility to pursue research in areas you believe are important to help our users increase their quality of life. Through your pioneering work, you will have the potential to significantly impact the direction of our research, future products, and the lives of our users.
 At Bose, we’ve spent more than 50 years finding new ways to bring pioneering audio products to millions of people in their homes, cars, planes, and just about anywhere else people enjoy their music. To succeed for the next 50 years, we must continue to drive innovation that delivers on our human-centered brand promise to help people be more,
 feel more, and do more.
 In this role, you will:
 Work as part of a passionate and collaborative team of ML, iOS, embedded, DSP, and cloud engineers to influence the direction of future Bose Consumer Electronics products
 Research, implement, and evaluate published approaches and algorithms for Machine Learning problems.
 Participate in all aspects of projects including data collection, literature review, prototype and experience design, and user studies.
 Contribute to our human-centered vision of the future of AI for Bose products.
 Required skills/background:
 Master's Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or related field
 Strong programming background with 2+ years of experience in Python and/or Java
 Experience with TensorFlow or PyTorch
 Hands-on experience building ML systems for Signal Processing and/or MIR applications
 Familiarity with recent research in DL for audio and ability to implement algorithms from research papers
 Passionate, creative, and collaborative mindset
 (Desired) Experience and interest in working on audio perception problems such as speech enhancement, voice pick-up, SED/SELD, MIR, etc.
 (Desired) Publications in communities such as ISMIR, DCASE, ICASSP, etc.
 What’s in it for you:
 Be a part of passionate, friendly, collaborative team with limitless potential
 Opportunity to significantly impact future Bose products that will be used by millions
 Excellent work-life balance and a continuous learning environment
 Bose is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. For additional information, please review: (1) the EEO is the Law Poster (http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf); and (2) its Supplements (http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm). Please note, the company's pay transparency is available at http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/EO13665_PrescribedNondiscriminationPostingLanguage_JRFQA508c.pdf. Bose is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the application or employment process, please send an e-mail to Wellbeing@bose.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. Bose 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Framingham, MA Jobs at Bose in Framingham, MA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Framingham, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Bose Bose 948 reviews At Bose, we have a passion for doing things that are better. We apply the highest level of scientific inquiry and invention to the discov... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
