
 
 
 
 AI/ML Scientist, Microbiome - South San Francisco, CA 94080 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML Scientist, Microbiome Genentech 955 reviews South San Francisco, CA 94080 Genentech 955 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are looking for talented scientists to join the new Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Department in Research Biology, within Genentech’s Research and Early Development (gRED) organization. The successful candidate will lead our computational effort for machine learning for microbiome science. 
The role 
You will join the department of AI/ML within Research Biology. Your peers will be machine learning scientists and computational biologists working on different areas of the life sciences. 
You will closely collaborate with immunologists, microbiologists and bioinformaticians across departments in the organization. 
You will develop machine learning methods for the analysis of large multimodal clinical trial datasets, including microbiome, transcriptomics, imaging and host genetic data. 
You will be expected to contribute to and drive publications, and present results at internal and external scientific conferences. 
Qualifications 
PhD degree in a quantitative field (e.g. Computer Science, Computational Biology, Machine Learning, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics). 
Demonstrated experience with Python and analysis of biological data. 
Record of achievement, including one high-impact first author publication or equivalent (for Associate Scientist), publications at post-doctoral level or experience in a healthcare company (for Scientist), outstanding record of contributions comparable to an academic professor or equivalent managerial position in industry (for Sr Scientist). 
Excellent communication and collaboration skills. 
Experience in the analysis of gut microbiome data, or demonstrated interest in researching IBD. 
#LI-GL1 
#gREDinformatics 
#AIScientist Genentech 28 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in South San Francisco, CA Jobs at Genentech in South San Francisco, CA Scientist salaries in South San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Genentech Genentech 955 reviews Genentech, now a member of the Roche Group, is a leading biotechnology company that discovers, develops, manufactures and commercializes ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
