
 
 
 
 Software Development Support - Research Triangle Park, NC 27711 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Development Support ORAU 26 reviews Research Triangle Park, NC 27711 ORAU 26 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $22.02 an hour Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
The EPA National Student Services Contract has an immediate opening for a full time Software Development Support position with the Office of Research and Development at the EPA facility in Research Triangle Park, NC.
 The Office of Research and Development at the EPA supports high-quality research to improve the scientific basis for decisions on national environmental issues and help EPA achieve its environmental goals. Research is conducted in a broad range of environmental areas by scientists in EPA laboratories and at universities across the country.
 What the EPA project is about 
The Center for Environmental Solutions and Emergency Response (CESER) plans, coordinates and conducts an applied, customer-driven, national research and development program to improve decision making by EPA, federal, state, tribal and local agencies, when faced with challenging environmental problems in the built environment. Within CESER, the Homeland Security and Materials Management Division (HSMMD) conducts an applied, customer-driven, national-scale research program to improve the nation’s preparedness for and response to environmental emergencies and materials management challenges. 
The Homeland Security Research Program (HSRP) is responsible for addressing the research needs associated with EPA fulling its Homeland Security related responsibilities. These responsibilities include preparing for and have capabilities to support response to environmental contamination that threatens public health resulting from a disaster. HSRP staff work closely with their EPA partners and other federal, state, and local stakeholders to understand response/remediation needs and to (in part) develop capabilities for supporting emergency response and recovery capabilities through innovative technologies, such as automation, computer vision, and artificial intelligence. HSRP is currently exploring two separate efforts that make use of these technologies: 1) computer vision/sensing for tracking resources by means of a QR code scanning or radio-frequency identification (RFID); and 2) the use of artificial intelligence for identifying infrastructure through publicly available imagery (e.g., imagery derived from cell phones, cameras, and Google Street View). 
What experience and skills will you gain? 
As a team member, you will provide development support to the continued enhancement and further development of the HSRP’s resource tracking application and the use of artificial intelligence for improving decision making. The student shall also support the development and expansion of these efforts to support the needs of EPA emergency response programs. These research efforts are defined as the following: 
Computer vision/sensing for tracking resources: The HSRP has developed a tool for tracking assets (e.g., people, equipment) through the use of QR codes. The system uses USB-interface webcams along with the open-source python-based software for scanning and generating QR codes. The system was designed to read QR codes attached to assets. QR stations (consisting of a laptop and webcam) can be staged at various locations for the purpose of tracking an entity for logistical and health and safety purposes. The student shall investigate and implement options for expanding this system to communicate with a web-based or networked system for storing and monitoring these records. Furthermore, the student shall investigate other technologies for tracking assets (e.g., radio-frequency identification (RFID) and computer vision technologies). The student shall work with EPA’s Office of Emergency Management and EPA Regions to implement additional features and fixes as needed. 
 
Artificial intelligence: the student shall explore the use of artificial intelligence (e.g., neural networks, machine vision, and fuzzy logic) for identifying infrastructure using publicly available imagery (e.g., imagery derived from cell phones, cameras, and Google Street View). The system shall determine the type of infrastructure (e.g., residence, business, hospital) and provide an estimate of construction material based on the characteristics of the building. This application will be used to supplement decontamination and waste management activities following an incident. The student contractor shall work with researchers to develop the code and tests for evaluating the accuracy of the application. 
Responsibilities:
 
Research and Development Responsibilities shall include: 
Understand and apply software and hardware for the purpose of collecting and storing information using computer vision and other sensors; 
Apply innovative approaches for designing and developing applications; 
Work with a wide range of programming languages and hardware for developing novel applications; 
Understand and apply artificial intelligence capabilities and best practices through open source code; and 
Identify and develop enhancements and additional functionality/capabilities to meet planning, implementation and data acquisition needs. 
Communications-related responsibilities shall include: 
Participate as a member of the research planning and software development team; 
Support needs of the project team to provide input to required Information Technology (IT) data requirements that ORD or other parts of the EPA (e.g., Office of Environmental Information) require to perform IT-related activities; 
Participate in a research team, including maintaining coordination of enhancement and development activities; 
Interact with program leadership and researchers to understand stakeholder needs; 
Work with stakeholders and end-users to address bugs and conduct application support; and 
Document code and software development efforts, to include user guides. 
Required Knowledge, Skills, Work Experience, and Education 
Basic understanding of coding principles; 
Experience with Agile and waterfall methods; 
Experience in Python and database design/development; 
Experience working with version control software; 
Problem solving skills;
 Ability to work in team environment as well as individually; and 
Excellent communication and listening skills. 
Desired Knowledge, Skills, Work Experience, and Education 
Experience with Java or Objective-C, ESRI ArcGIS desired, but not required. 
 
 Location:   This job will be located EPA’s facility in Research Triangle Park, NC. 
Salary:  Selected applicant will become a temporary employee of ORAU and will receive an hourly wage of $22.02 for hours worked. 
Hours:  Full-time. 
Travel:  Occasional overnight travel may be required. 
Expected start date:  The position is full time and expected to begin May 2021. The selected applicant will become a temporary employee of ORAU working as a contractor to EPA. The initial project is through May 14, 2022, with up to 3 additional option periods. 
For more information, contact  EPAjobs@orau.org .   Do not contact EPA directly. 
Qualifications:
 Be at least 18 years of age  and 
Have earned at least a bachelor’s degree in computer science, data science and information technology, environmental science, environmental policy or other closely related field of study from an accredited university or college within the last 24 months  and 
Be a citizen of the United States of America or a Legal Permanent Resident. 
EPA ORD employees, their spouses, and children are not eligible to participate in this program. ORAU 22 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Development Specialist jobs in Research Triangle Park, NC Jobs at ORAU in Research Triangle Park, NC Software Development Specialist salaries in Research Triangle Park, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from ORAU ORAU 26 reviews Oak Ridge Associated Universities (ORAU) provides innovative scientific and technical solutions to advance national priorities in science... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
