
 
 
 
 Research Data Analyst - San Francisco, CA 94143 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Data Analyst University of California San Francisco 464 reviews San Francisco, CA 94143 University of California San Francisco 464 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOB OVERVIEW 
Under direct supervision, the Research Data Analyst acquires skills and knowledge of professional concepts in research data analysis, with a focus on machine and deep learning. Works with biomedical research data such as pathology whole slide images, simulated molecular data, phenotypic drug screening data from model systems, and/or transcriptomic data. Works on small projects or segments of projects with limited scope and complexity. 
 
 Please Note: This is a full-time contract position, estimated ending - one year from date of hire. 
 Department Description 
 INSTITUTE FOR NEURODEGENERATIVE DISEASES 
The Institute for Neurodegenerative Diseases (IND) at UCSF is pursuing a cutting-edge blend of basic science and clinical medicine to provide outstanding care to those suffering from neurodegenerative diseases. Founded in 1999, the IND is committed to creating therapeutics that will halt diseases such as Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease and dementia resulting from traumatic brain injuries. The IND is poised to make serious contributions to this struggle at the frontier of neuroscience and medicine. The mission of the Institute for Neurodegenerative Diseases is to discover causes and develop cures for these illnesses with an innovative program of basic research and clinical medicine.Just north of Silicon Valley, the lab’s location at UCSF Mission Bay directly adjoins SoMa district and the heart of SF’s tech and artificial intelligence startup scene. 
 Required Qualifications 
 Bachelor's degree in related area and/or equivalent experience/training 
Programming experience 
Deep learning experience 
Machine learning experience 
Acquiring knowledge of research function. Acquiring ability to perform research analysis duties 
Acquiring statistical analysis, systems programming, and database design skills to perform research analysis duties 
Basic consultation and communication skills 
Ability to effectively manage time and see assigned parts of projects through to completion on deadline 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Computer Science -or- Systems Biology -or- Computational Biology -or- Bioinformatics -or- Biophysics -or- equivalent degree with a computational component, at Bachelor’s or Master’s level 
Python programming experience 
Python data science experience 
Pytorch framework programming experience 
Convolutional neural networks experience 
Recurrent neural networks experience (e.g., LSTM, GRU, etc) 
Computational chemistry experience (e.g., molecular dynamics, docking, virtual screening) 
Biomedical image analysis experience (e.g., pathology images) 
 About UCSF 
 The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It is the only campus in the 10-campus UC system dedicated exclusively to the health sciences. We bring together the world’s leading experts in nearly every area of health. We are home to five Nobel laureates who have advanced the understanding of cancer, neurodegenerative diseases, aging and stem cells. 
 Pride Values 
 UCSF is a diverse community made of people with many skills and talents. We seek candidates whose work experience or community service has prepared them to contribute to our commitment to professionalism, respect, integrity, diversity and excellence – also known as our PRIDE values.
 
 
In addition to our PRIDE values, UCSF is committed to equity – both in how we deliver care as well as our workforce. We are committed to building a broadly diverse community, nurturing a culture that is welcoming and supportive, and engaging diverse ideas for the provision of culturally competent education, discovery, and patient care. Additional information about UCSF is available at diversity.ucsf.edu
 
 
Join us to find a rewarding career contributing to improving healthcare worldwide. 
 Equal Employment Opportunity 
 The University of California San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information. 
 Organization 
 Campus 
 Job Code and Payroll Title 
 006255 RSCH DATA ANL 1
 Employee Class 
 Contract 
 Percentage 
 100% 
 Location 
 Mission Bay (SF)
 Shift 
 Days 
 Shift Length 
 8 Hours University of California San Francisco 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Analyst jobs in San Francisco, CA Data Analyst salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of California San Francisco University of California San Francisco 464 reviews The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF), is a center of health sciences research, patient care, and education; located in San ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
