
 
 
 
 ServiceNow Developer - Atlanta, GA 30328 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ServiceNow Developer Capgemini 8,221 reviews Atlanta, GA 30328 Capgemini 8,221 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :6+Months 
Responsibilities : 
As a ServiceNow Developer, you will be a engineer working to develop, design and own technical solutions on the ServiceNow platform. 
You will provide best-practices but creative application development expertise to deliver robust solutions to our internal business and technical clients utilizing the ServiceNow platform (among the ITSM, ITOM, CMDB) 
Overall responsibility for the successful planning, execution, monitoring, control, and closure of all technical tasks related to configuration and implementation of all aspects of the ServiceNow platform. 
Efficient and effective throughput of delivering solutions prioritized against a roadmap and Agile release schedule. 
Provide software coding and customization for all aspects of the platform: i.e. UI form layout and design, client/server scripting, workflows, business rules, proper platform security/administration, data design, custom webservice integrations, by working with product managers and other development team members. 
Coordinate, document and solve complex technical data and transformation issues. 
Obtain and analyze/interpret business requirements to create sustainable solutions in ServiceNow. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job ServiceNow Developer jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Capgemini in Atlanta, GA ServiceNow Developer salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,221 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
