
 
 
 
 Research Scientist, On-Device AI (PhD) - Sunnyvale, CA 94089 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist, On-Device AI (PhD) Facebook 621 reviews Sunnyvale, CA 94089 Facebook 621 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Facebook Reality Labs (FRL) is the world leader in the design of virtual and augmented reality systems. Come work alongside expert research scientists and engineers to create the technology that makes VR and AR pervasive and universal. Join the adventure of a lifetime as we make science fiction real and change the world.We are seeking a Research Scientist to support development of state-of-the-art deep learning algorithms and efficient models for AR/VR systems, including computer vision and natural language processing. In this role, you will be responsible for developing model optimization techniques, e.g., pruning, network architecture search, quantization, tensor decomposition, etc., as well as efficient model backbones to enable on-device execution for latency, power efficiency, and privacy. You will be setting research directions for the projects you work on and will have the opportunities to collaborate with other researchers across Facebook AI. There are a lot of unsolved and exciting problems in the area of on-device model optimization, and we are looking for you to join us in this exciting journey ahead. The ideal candidate will understand the state-of-the-art algorithms on building efficient models to run on device and in the area of computer vision and/or natural language processing. This is a full-time position. 
Enable new user experiences in AR/VR via innovative applications of deep learning techniques to problems in computer vision, e.g., pose estimation, segmentation, super resolution, etc., and natural language understanding/processing, e.g., intent understanding 
Develop deep learning model optimization algorithms and efficient deep learning models that can run on head-mounted devices with limited compute and power budget 
Collaborate with cross-functional research and product teams in deep learning model optimization for applications in computer vision, natural language processing, etc. 
Publish and present research at leading AI conferences and workshops 
Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining, a PhD degree in the field of Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing or similar 
Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment 
1+ years experience in deep learning algorithms and techniques, e.g., convolutional neural networks (CNN), recurrent networks (RNN), transformer and/or related areas 
Interpersonal experience: cross-group and cross-culture collaboration 
2+ years of industry or university experience in projects in related fields of computer vision and natural language processing 
Proven track record of achieving results as demonstrated by grants, fellowships, patents, as well as first-authored publications at leading workshops or conferences such as NeurIPS, ICML, CVPR, ECCV, ICCV, or similar 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 20 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Sunnyvale, CA Jobs at Facebook in Sunnyvale, CA Research Scientist salaries in Sunnyvale, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 621 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
