
 
 
 
 Product Marketing Intern – AI - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Marketing Intern – AI NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Internship Full Job Description We are looking for an MBA Intern to join our NVIDIA Data Center product marketing team. This role is focused on working with customers as well as the product team to drive messaging, positioning and content assets that clearly communicate the value proposition for NVIDIA data center platform. NVIDIA GPUs have changed data center computing. They are the engines fueling the modern artificial intelligence revolution and are broadly deployed in enterprise, cloud and the largest supercomputers in the world. If you want to drive the adoption of groundbreaking technologies and make a difference, in a fun, dynamic work environment, we want you to join us!
 What you’ll be doing:
 AI is transforming every industry and is creating new winners in the modern economy. You will create customer success stories working with some of the most important NVIDIA customers. Study their industry, challenges, solutions with AI and its impact and create content that reflect the benefits of AI and NVIDIA technologies including blogs, slides, videos etc.
 This role will involve working with real customers on delivering real-world AI powered applications
 Building: Bring ideas to life through crisp, clear marketing content
 Presenting: Deliver ideas clearly with confidence using slides, whiteboards, and other creative approaches
 Collaborating: Execute internship project by tapping into product management, marketing teams, campaign marketing, and engineering
 What we need to see:
 BS/MS in engineering or technically oriented discipline with a MBA in progress
 Strong mix of technical and business acumen - demonstrably comfortable in engaging with marketing and engineering teams
 Strong organizational skills
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Background in and prior work experience or projects related to data center or AI powered applications
 Prior contributions to product launches
 Past success with working across major internal functional areas (engineering, marketing, customer teams).
 Out-of-the-box thinking and an innovative streak
 With highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package, NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world's most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people on the planet working for us and, due to unprecedented growth, our special engineering teams are growing fast. If you're creative and autonomous with a genuine passion for technology, we want to hear from you.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Marketing Intern jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Marketing Intern salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
