
 
 
 
 Business Intelligence Associate - SoHo, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Intelligence Associate Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews SoHo, NY Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Soho, New York | Business Operations | Full-time 
 
We’re looking for a BI Associate who lives and breathes data to join our BizOps team in NYC. 
 
Data is at the core of everything that Lemonade does, and we act as the guardians of its integrity, and how it can be best used to make decisions throughout the business. 
 
We are looking for someone who is motivated both by accuracy and business impact, who wants to bring their rock star data skills to add value at a socially conscious, hyper-growth insurance startup. 
 
The BizOps team partners with various groups at Lemonade to help the company make business decisions informed by data. We maintain our BI tool, Looker, and work closely with data engineering, product, and other teams to ensure that data and reporting is reliable, accurate, and supports key decision-making processes. 
 
What you would do 
 
 Deliver Data Excellence:  Ensure a seamless data experience for core teams across the company. Accuracy and integrity of our data is key as we grow rapidly 
 Create Analytics:  Support goal-setting across Lemonade. You’ll create reports and dashboards to monitor KPIs to ensure teams are making intelligent and informed decisions 
 Ensure Quality Assurance:  Be proactive in identifying discrepancies and irregularities within dashboards, visuals, and underlying LookML to ensure teams are able to access accurate data. 
 Drive cross-organizational collaboration:  Be the bridge between technical and non-technical teams across our company, and work with department heads across Lemonade’s multiple products, to drive success in data projects. 
 Requirements 
2-4 years of BI experience 
Proven SQL mastery (R and Python are plus) 
Experience working with different databases and building out data infrastructure and reporting (experience using Looker a plus) 
Start-up experience and database knowledge (Snowflake a plus) at a company level 
Bachelor's degree in CS, Mathematics, Economics, or similar 
Willingness to work with individuals in different time zones and cultures 
About Lemonade 
Lemonade is a licensed insurance carrier offering renters, homeowners, life, and pet insurance in the United States, contents and liability insurance in Germany and the Netherlands, and renters insurance in France. We’re powered by artificial intelligence and behavioral economics, and driven by social good. 
A Certified B-Corp, Lemonade donates unused premiums to nonprofits selected by its community as part of our annual Giveback program. We incorporate our values into everything we do—from our business model to our office culture. Lemonade Insurance Company 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Associate jobs in SoHo, NY Jobs at Lemonade Insurance Company in SoHo, NY Business Associate salaries in SoHo, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
