
 
 
 
 Corporate Inside Sales Representative - Morrisville, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Corporate Inside Sales Representative Lenovo 1,100 reviews Morrisville, NC Lenovo 1,100 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description Position Description: 
 About Lenovo: 
Focused on a bold vision to deliver smarter technology for all, we are developing world-changing technologies that create a more inclusive, trustworthy and sustainable digital society. Our goal is to be leaders in intelligent transformation by designing, engineering and building the world’s most complete portfolio of smart devices and infrastructure. We create better experiences and opportunities for millions of customers around the world. Join us in defining our world of tomorrow and creating smarter technology for all!
 Who You’ll Work With: 
At Lenovo, we manufacture one of the world’s widest portfolios of connected products, including PCs (ThinkPad, Yoga, Lenovo Legion), tablets, smartphones and workstations as well as augmented and virtual reality (Mirage, ThinkReality) and smart home/o¬ffice solutions, software and services. Lenovo’s data center solutions (ThinkSystem, ThinkAgile) are creating the capacity and computing power for the connections that are changing business and society. In this role you will be representing product portfolio's for both our IDG and DCG businesses.
 IDG (Intelligent Device Group) – The IDG at Lenovo houses our PC and Smart Devices. We combine investment in high-growth segments (workstations, gaming, visuals, thin and light devices) with new innovation in the smart device categories and continue to explore new opportunities across AR/VR, artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), security and as-a-service solutions.
 DCG (Data Center Group) – Lenovo's Data Center Group is innovating the future- defined data center, today. From the simplest to the most complex IT environments for all types of workloads, our servers, storage, networking and solutions help maximize the potential of data centers.
 We are seeking enthusiastic, career-minded professionals to join our Sales Team as a Corporate Inside Sales Representative for the Corporate sales segments.
 The ideal Corporate Inside Sales Representative will be aggressive, goal- oriented, articulate and possess sound phone and customer facing skills. A strong personality with the desire to reach high performance goals is a must. In this role, you will work with Acquisition, Development and Retention accounts with primary focus on retention and development growth.
 What You'll Do: 
You will have ownership of a book of accounts; and will have responsibility to exceed revenue, profit and services targets. This position will be responsible for uncovering new opportunities, selling the benefits of the full suite of Lenovo products and services; and selling against the competition. You will work within segment initiatives including weekly forecast and opportunity management.
 The Corporate Inside Sales Representative will also be tightly aligned with Lenovo's strategic business partners and will be expected to drive a significant amount of their revenue growth by leveraging the channel and the various channel incentive programs.
 What’s in it for you? 
 Opportunities for continued sales training. High-growth potential and career advancement within Lenovo. An inclusive, flexible, and collaborative work environment that focuses on leveraging your unique skills. Incentives to reward your strong performance and big wins.
 This is a full-time opportunity in an energetic work environment with opportunities for advancement. Representatives are paid a competitive salary. Benefits include company paid training, paid vacation, 401K with company match, medical, dental, vision, paid time-off for volunteerism, free on-site fitness center, and discounts on award-winning products such as the Lenovo ThinkPad and Yoga.
 Why Lenovo? 
Lenovo is a US $50 billion Fortune Global 500 company, with 57,000 employees and operating in 180 markets around the world. We are #1 PC company on the planet, BCG's 50 most innovative companies, and one of Interbrand’s 100 BEST global brands.
 Awards & Recognition: 
 Fortune Magazine’s World’s Most Admired Companies, 2020 & 2019 Human Rights Campaign, Corporate Quality Index – Perfect Score 2020, 2019, 2018 Universum’s World’s Most Attractive Employers, 2020 Best Places to work for LGBTQ Equality, 2021 & 2020 Top 100 Internship Programs Winner, 2020 Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations by Corporate Knights, 2020 Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index – Perfect Score, 2020 IoT Breakthrough Award, 2020 2020 Fortune Global 500, #224 Top 100 to Watch for Remote Jobs, 2019
 Learn more about why it’s great to work at Lenovo - https://www.lenovobenefits.com/why-join-lenovo
 Lenovo is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion, and we are pleased to provide accommodation(s) during the recruitment process. Should you require accommodation at any time throughout the recruitment process, please indicate this on your application/cover letter or directly to the recruiter, and we will partner with you to meet your needs. 
 Position Requirements: 
 Minimum Requirements: 
 1-3 years of professional inside or outside sales experience in a technology field or IT Industry is required. Must have had a quota carrying sales position
 Preferred Requirements: 
 High level of interpersonal skills and strong negotiation skills Must have the ability to penetrate, acquire, and transition opportunities Ability to plan strategically and improve profitability Excellent verbal and written communication skills are required Executive presentation skills on hardware and services portfolios Strong understanding of channel programs 
 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any federal, state, or local protected class. Lenovo 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Inside Sales Representative jobs in Morrisville, NC Jobs at Lenovo in Morrisville, NC Inside Sales Representative salaries in Morrisville, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lenovo Lenovo 1,100 reviews At Lenovo, our mission is simple: we create technology that enables people to challenge and inspire the world, helping them lead more ful... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
