
 
 
 
 Administrative Assistant - Artificial Intelligence & Informatics - Rochester, MN 55901 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Administrative Assistant - Artificial Intelligence & Informatics Mayo Clinic 2,283 reviews Rochester, MN 55901 Mayo Clinic 2,283 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description City 
Rochester 
State 
Minnesota 
Telecommute 
No 
Department 
Artificial Intelligence and Informatics Research 
Why Mayo Clinic 
The needs of patients drive research at Mayo Clinic. As doctors treat patients and see opportunities for advancing patient care, they work together with Mayo scientists and research teams to develop new and improved diagnostic tools, medications, devices, treatment protocols and more. Encouraging and including contributions from diverse individuals is critical to Mayo Clinic's future. By leveraging the strengths that each diverse individual and group brings to the table, Mayo Clinic gains the strategic advantages of accelerated innovation, better problem solving, enhanced productivity and job satisfaction, improved quality, and, most importantly, provides better ways to meet the needs of our patients. 
Position description 
Applies expertise to perform a variety of non-clinical administrative support tasks including scheduling, coordination, and follow-up tasks for meetings, events, and professional travel; managing of calendars;
 
preparing documents and presentation materials; processing invoices and reimbursements; composing and/or transcribing correspondence/documents; supporting departmental projects/activities; creating and maintaining web sites, web pages, databases, spreadsheets, social media accounts; answering telephones and providing related follow-through. Exhibits initiative, proficiency, and adaptability to optimize the time of those supported. Strong organizational, communication, and interpersonal skills; a commitment to quality and excellence in service; confidentiality; and professionalism are important components of the role. Demonstrates proficient use of computer hardware and software, telecommunication, and other office equipment and ability to navigate multiple systems simultaneously. Is accountable for ensuring accuracy and completeness through attention to detail.
 Qualifications 
Position requires high school diploma or G. E. D. with a minimum of two years' experience in an administrative support role or one-year degree/diploma in an administrative, business, or medical-related program with a minimum of one-year experience in an administrative support role, or an associate's degree in an administrative, business, or medical-related program. Administrative support role experience must include performance of responsibilities such as meeting management and calendar coordination, creating/transcribing correspondence/documents, and utilization of business-related software to produce databases, spreadsheets, presentations, etc. 
Additional qualifications 
Possess high-level skills in organization, customer service, professionalism, interpersonal relations, written and oral communication, and the ability to prioritize, frequently and quickly shift tasks, and adapt to a rapidly changing environment. Demonstrate effective and appropriate decision-making, judgment, and confidentiality as well as attention to detail and follow-through. Experience with coordination of travel and expense management. Proficient application of English grammar, punctuation, and sentence structure. Prefer work-related experience within the last ten years. 
License or certification 
None required. 
Exemption status 
Non-exempt 
Compensation Detail 
Education, experience and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended. The minimum pay rate is $19.14 per hour. 
Benefits eligible 
Yes 
Schedule 
Full Time 
Hours / Pay period 
80 
Schedule details 
M-F, 8-5 pm 
Weekend schedule 
NA 
Site description 
Mayo Clinic is located in the heart of downtown Rochester, Minnesota, a vibrant, friendly city that provides a highly livable environment for more than 34,000 Mayo staff and students. The city is consistently ranked among the best places to live in the United States because of its affordable cost of living, healthy lifestyle, excellent school systems and exceptionally high quality of life. 
Category 
Clinical Labs and Research 
Career profile 
Research 
Job posting number 
150754BR 
Recruiter 
Frank Harris 
Equal opportunity employer 
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available. 
Email Mayo Clinic 20 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Administrative Assistant jobs in Rochester, MN Jobs at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN Administrative Assistant salaries in Rochester, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mayo Clinic Mayo Clinic 2,283 reviews Mayo Clinic is the first and largest integrated, not-for-profit medical group practice in the world. Doctors from every medical specialty... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
