
 
 
 
 BI Data Engineer Sr - Tempe, AZ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search BI Data Engineer Sr Insight Enterprises, Inc. 544 reviews Tempe, AZ Insight Enterprises, Inc. 544 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Requisition Number:  80202 
Sr. Data Engineer – BI Engineering 
Join Insight’s Business Intelligence team as the Sr. Data Engineer and build solutions utilizing the most cutting-edge cloud technologies for data movement, assembly. Build out views for reporting, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and advanced analytics! On our team, you will work closely with client stakeholders and our diverse team of engineers, architects, and thought leaders to design, build, and implement next-generation solutions. We know that our success is due to our smart, talented team! As a full time, permanent team member with a competitive benefits plan, you’ll have the opportunity to grow in a supportive environment where you can be creative, develop professionally, and stay on the forefront of technology. Helping build great solutions to drive growth for Insight. 
What our Data Engineers Do: 
Drive discovery, design, and execution of advanced analytics solutions for internal and external clients 
Work closely with client business and technical stakeholders to shape the success of projects 
Provide leadership at all stages of the delivery pipeline: estimations, design, management, coding, deployment, and more 
Create and deploy data models, reports and utilize analytical, statistical, and machine learning tools to uncover insights and actions 
Collaborate with other BI team members to ensure successful delivery and high business impact for our internal clients 
Present to client, industry, and internal peer groups 
Aggressively grow your skillset and expertise to meet the emerging needs of the market 
Core Job Duties 
Designing, developing, troubleshooting, evaluating, deploying, and documenting data management and business intelligence systems, enabling stakeholders to manage the business and make effective decisions. 
Building secure, available, scalable, stable, and cost-effective data solutions using data storage technologies, distributed file system, data processing, and business intelligence best practices. 
Working with business customers in understanding the business requirements and implementing solutions to support analytical and reporting needs. 
Designs and builds complex BI reports, scorecards and dashboards, based on specifications as requested 
Harness creativity to render information useful in data storytelling 
Designing and planning for solutions in the various engineering subject areas as it relates to data storage and movement solutions: data warehousing, enterprise system data architecture, data design (e.g., Logical and Physical Modeling), data persistence technologies, data processing, data management, and data analysis. 
Launch and support new data models that provide intuitive analytics to internal customers 
All aspects of the EDW: ETL, metadata layer, presentation layer, security/administration, user support and production support 
Develop and Integrate Advance Analytics Solutions using Machine Learning Algorithms 
Deploy and Develop Data/Machine Learning Microservices solutions 
Build Reports/Dashboards that enable end business users to make day-to-day decisions 
Lead complex reporting projects 
Provide Ad-Hoc reports and insights when needed 
Automate processes using ETL and scripting best practices 
Core Skills / Behaviors 
5+ years of hands-on experience working with data tools within the Microsoft data platform with an demonstrated understanding of the following technologies: 
SQL Server 
Analysis Services and DAX 
Reporting Services 
2+ years of experience in three or more of the following technologies: 
Self-Service BI Tools: Power BI 
Azure: Azure SQL Database, Azure Data Warehouse and Azure Data Factory 
Azure Big Data Technologies: Azure Data Lake and Azure Databricks 
2+ years of experience in scripting ETL solutions using one of the following (Python, Java, PowerShell) 
1+ years of experience using Linux through a terminal 
Other Desired Qualifications 
Advanced degree in quantitative discipline (e.g., Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics). 
Strong analytical and reasoning skills that result in clear technical execution 
Skill at translating requirements into clean, efficient and quality code 
Passion to deliver craftsman-quality work both individually and as part of a team 
Solid communication skills with both technical and non-technical stakeholders 
Desire to learn new skills and grow competencies 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related discipline 
The position described above provides a summary of some the job duties required and what it would be like to work at Insight. For a comprehensive list of physical demands and work environment for this position, click here. 
Today, every business is a technology business. Insight Enterprises, Inc. empowers organizations of all sizes with Insight Intelligent Technology Solutions™ and services to maximize the business value of IT. As a Fortune 500-ranked global provider of digital innovation, cloud/data center transformation, connected workforce, and supply chain optimization solutions and services, we help clients successfully manage their IT today while transforming for tomorrow. From IT strategy and design to implementation and management, our 11,000 teammates help clients innovate and optimize their operations to run smarter. Discover more at insight.com. 
Founded in 1988 in Tempe, Arizona 
11,000+ teammates in 21 countries providing Insight Intelligent Technology Solutions™ for organizations across the globe 
$9.2 billion in revenue in 2018* 
Ranked #430 on the 2019 Fortune 500, #14 on the 2019 CRN Solution Provider 500 
2019 Adobe Americas Partner of the Year, 2019 Cisco Global-Americas Partner of the Year, 2019 Intel IoT Solutions Partner of the Year, Microsoft U.S. Azure Partner Choice Award for Data/AI, Microsoft Azure Expert Managed Services Provider 
Ranked #23 on the 2019 Fortune 50 Best Workplaces in Technology, #70 on the 2019 Fortune 100 Best Workplaces for Diversity, and #7 on the Phoenix Business Journal 2019 list of Best Places to Work (Extra Large Business) 
Signatory of the United Nations (UN) Global Compact and Affiliate Member of the Responsible Business Alliance Proforma to include PCM, Inc. for fiscal year ended Dec. 31, 2018 
Today's talent leads tomorrow's success. Learn about careers at Insight: jobs.insight.com. 
Insight is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law. 
Posting Notes: Tempe || Arizona (US-AZ) || United States (US) || None || None || US - Tempe, AZ || Insight Enterprises, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Developer jobs in Tempe, AZ Jobs at Insight Enterprises in Tempe, AZ Business Intelligence Developer salaries in Tempe, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Insight Enterprises, Inc. Insight Enterprises, Inc. 544 reviews We know our most important connections are human. That drives our culture, our partnerships, our approach and our solutions. From busines... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
