
 
 
 
 Vice Chair - Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence & Analytics - Rochester, MN 55901 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Vice Chair - Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence & Analytics Mayo Clinic 2,283 reviews Rochester, MN 55901 Remote Mayo Clinic 2,283 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description City 
Rochester 
State 
Minnesota 
Telecommute 
Yes 
Department 
Center for Digital Health 
Why Mayo Clinic 
Mayo Clinic is the nation's best hospital (U.S. News & World Report, 2020-2021) and ranked #1 in more specialties than any other care provider. We have a vast array of opportunities ranging from Nursing, Clinical, Research to Finance, IT, Administrative and Support Services to name a few. Across all locations, you'll find career opportunities that support diversity, equity and inclusion. At Mayo Clinic, we invest in you with opportunities for growth and development and our benefits and compensation package are highly competitive. We invite you to be a part of our team where you'll discover a culture of teamwork, professionalism, mutual respect, and most importantly, a life-changing career! 
Position description 
Be an active member of the leadership team to drive transformation and deliver on the Mayo Data & Analytics strategy to enable the Mayo 2030 Cure Connect & Transform Vision. Responsible for building innovative, world-class products and capabilities leading a team of data and machine learning engineers in building high-quality products for both internal and external use. Work with the Practice to help guide clinical departments through the commercialization process related to ML/AI research. Build the vision, strategy, and roadmap of ML/AI and Analytics big bets that Mayo Clinic should invest in to drive step-change impact for our products. Build new AI and Analytics tools for data and machine learning engineers at Mayo Clinic working with internal and external teams like Google and Epic which operate at scale. Tackle problems like reducing integrity issues, data bias, making solutions more relevant, and identifying cures amongst many others. Have a clear pulse on innovations across the broader ML/AI and analytics community, helping to identify new opportunities in emerging technology. Drive product development with multiple teams of world-class engineers, designers, product specialists. Establish and analyze key performance indicators that measure the success of products. Support the needs of the clinical practice and the Mayo Platform business. Formulate and evolve an ML/AI Center of Excellence strategy, support model and roadmap. Be an ML/AI thought leader, evangelizing how it can be leveraged to improve cures and remove friction in administration journeys. Partner with marketing, brand, and communications to formulate internal communications to evangelize ML/AI developments. Partner with Learning & Development to build effective training and coaching programs related to ML/AI and Analytics. Build strong partnerships with key stakeholders and third parties. Work cross-functionally with technical, design, business, IT and compliance counterparts to ensure the smooth development and delivery of ML/AI and Analytics products. 
Qualifications 
Master's degree in a Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Data Science, Analytics, Computer Science, Health Science or related fields; Ph. D preferred. 
15+ years of engineering or related experience 
10+ years of experience in data analytics, data mining, and data governance 
10+ years of business management/leadership experience, including direct supervisory experience and experience mentoring/developing technology professionals 
Exceptional interpersonal, networking, collaboration, communication skills, and cultural awareness 
Demonstrated business acumen and ability to stay abreast and incorporate industry trends 
Experience with executive C-suite level communications and presentations required 
Track record of promoting a diverse and inclusive culture 
Exceptional analytical, written, oral, and presentation skills with proven track record of effectively communicating actionable insights. 
Exemplary diplomatic skills and ability to help senior business leaders see value, opportunities, and risks beyond their own area of expertise 
Ability to understand problems from a broad perspective and anticipate the impact of administrative issues and solutions. 
Experience in data and analytics related to healthcare would be an asset. 
Additional qualifications 
License or certification 
Exemption status 
Exempt 
Compensation Detail 
Education, experience and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended. 
Benefits eligible 
Yes 
Schedule 
Full Time 
Hours / Pay period 
80 
Schedule details 
M-F, day shift. This is a remote position, and may be located anywhere in the U.S., with approximately 25% travel required. 
Weekend schedule 
As needed 
Site description 
Mayo Clinic is located in the heart of downtown Rochester, Minnesota, a vibrant, friendly city that provides a highly livable environment for more than 34,000 Mayo staff and students. The city is consistently ranked among the best places to live in the United States because of its affordable cost of living, healthy lifestyle, excellent school systems and exceptionally high quality of life. 
Category 
Administration, Business, Finance 
Job posting number 
149168BR 
Recruiter 
Jessica Gartner 
Equal opportunity employer 
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available. 
Email Mayo Clinic 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Rochester, MN Jobs at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Rochester, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mayo Clinic Mayo Clinic 2,283 reviews Mayo Clinic is the first and largest integrated, not-for-profit medical group practice in the world. Doctors from every medical specialty... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
