
 
 
 
 Software Engineer III, Google Play - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer III, Google Play Google 3,871 reviews Atlanta, GA Google 3,871 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience. 
 3 years of professional software development experience, or 1 year with an advanced degree. 
 Software development experience in one or more of the following programming languages: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Experience in designing and building new product features, large systems, and API design 
 Strong interpersonal, communication, and collaboration skills, including experience working with cross-functional teams 
 Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed. 
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 
With your technical expertise you will manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. You will design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions. 
 
Google Play sells apps, in-app content, subscriptions, and digital content. The Play Growth team’s mission is to grow our buyer base, help developers and partners succeed, and scale Play content and programs efficiently. Play Points is a tiered membership program where users can earn points to spend on Play. Partnerships allow internal teams and external developers create more engaging content and offer more value to our shared customers and Play users.
 Google Play offers music, movies, books, apps and games for devices, powered by the cloud. It syncs across devices and on the web. As part of the Android and Mobile team, Googlers working on Google Play do everything from engineering our backend systems, to shaping product strategy, to forming great content partnerships. They make it possible for people to do things like buy an ebook or song on their Android phone, then have it instantly available on their laptop. The Google Play team enhances the Android ecosystem by giving developers and partners a premium store where they can reach millions of users. 
Responsibilities 
 Work closely with cross-functional teams to design and implement systems and APIs that internal business teams and external developers use with a focus on creating a great user experience. 
 Design, implement and launch robust, high quality production-level features for our end-customers. 
 Develop across the stack from implementing frontends to building backend services to running and analyzing experiments (Examples of tech stack: Java, Boq, Spanner, Android, Rasta). 
 Implement data pipelines transforming existing datasets and incoming data. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Google in Atlanta, GA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,871 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
