
 
 
 
 Applied AI/ML Technical Program Manager - Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Applied AI/ML Technical Program Manager JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,601 reviews Palo Alto, CA JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,601 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About the Role  :
 We are looking for a Technical Program Manager to join our AI/ML team to solve exciting business problems in the domain of commercial banking, payments and financial services. Candidates must have a strong program management background and a proven track record of successfully leading cross functional projects across multiple technology, business, and product teams. This is a unique opportunity to apply your skills and have a direct impact on global business.
 As a TPM focused on AI/ML, you'll use your technical and program management expertise to drive our AI innovation. You'll clarify requirements, identify and mitigate risks, manage schedules, and communicate clearly with project stakeholders. The ideal candidate will have a strong knowledge of AI/ML and are experienced in driving AI/ML programs involving massive amounts of data.
 What You'll Do  : 
 
 Manage AI/ML projects. Transform large ambiguous business requirements into manageable AI/ML specifications, define milestones and success criteria, and deliver them in a successful and timely manner.
 Exercise sound technical judgment in working with cross functional teams. Anticipate bottlenecks, escalate effectively, make trade-offs and balance business needs versus technical constraints.
 Drive AI/ML projects through our ML development life cycle. Own the responsibility of working with teams to obtain all required control/compliance approvals. Guide the AI/ML team to onboard to the required engineering/ML platforms.
 Drive the AI/ML team agile process. Run sprint planning and standups.
 Understand and drive AI/ML technologies and their applications at JPMC.
 Promptly communicate schedules, priorities, and status to all stakeholders to ensure consistency and alignment.
 
 Basic Qualifications  :
 
 Advanced degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Information Systems, other equivalent discipline, or equivalent experience.
 Minimum 3-5 years of working experience in program management of technical cross-functional projects.
 Knowledge and experience in machine learning or artificial intelligence.
 Ability to exercise technical judgment in solving AI/ML engineering challenges.
 Ability to influence cross functional teams composed of both technical and non-technical members.
 Effective communication skills, solid negotiation skills, and strong leadership.
 JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. 
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans JPMorgan Chase Just posted original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Program Manager jobs in Palo Alto, CA Jobs at JPMorgan Chase Bank in Palo Alto, CA Technical Program Manager salaries in Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,601 reviews One of the most respected companies in the world, Chase offers experienced professionals like you an array of opportunities to take your ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
