
 
 
 
 Senior Director, Trusted Artificial Intelligence - Office of Data Science - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Director, Trusted Artificial Intelligence - Office of Data Science Liberty Mutual Insurance 4,470 reviews Remote Remote Liberty Mutual Insurance 4,470 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Help an advanced Fortune 100 Data Science and Machine Learning program responsibly use AI and data science! 
Artificial Intelligence (AI) is transforming the world—especially the insurance world. Data and statistical modeling have always been central to insurance and the recent advancements in the field of machine learning have created massive new opportunities in the insurance space. Liberty Mutual has successfully used data science (DS) and machine learning (ML) throughout its business for many years. For Liberty Mutual to be successful long-term using ML, DS, and AI we need to build justified trust in AI with our customer, regulators, partners, and stakeholders.
 The Office of Data Science (ODS) was created to provide additional centralized support and expertise to DS teams across the global organization. As the Senior Director, Trusted AI in the ODS you will lead Trusted AI efforts at Liberty Mutual. You will collaborate with DS, ML, and business experts to solve Liberty’s most challenging data science problems. Your role will have both a program management and research elements. You will develop Liberty’s Trusted AI strategy and obtain buy-in from stakeholders.
 This is an opportunity to lead cross functional teams, develop privacy-preserving applications, address potential bias in our models, guide the use of explainable ML across the enterprise, and ensure that our use of AI conforms to our company values. A highly exciting, challenging, and impactful role at the intersection of some of the most important issues facing our world today.
 Responsibilities:
 Develop Trusted AI program strategy and obtain buy in from key stakeholders 
Lead cross-functional R&D teams, including ODS, academic researchers, Corporate, and business-unit data scientists/analysts, doing hands on ML research in areas of:
 Privacy preserving data science 
Reducing social bias from training data and models 
Developing robust and reliable ML 
Developing explainable ML applications with algorithmic accountability 
Lead a Privacy Preserving ML collaboration with a leading academic institution and the Liberty Privacy Office 
Support development of DS/ML infrastructure that supports Trusted AI including integrating model controls that reduce risk of abnormal model behavior 
Collaborate with Enterprise Risk Management, Corporate Actuarial, and Global Compliance and Ethics on efforts to reduce the risk of data science and machine learning 
Educate data scientists on model development and deployment best practices 
Educate executives and business users on Trusted AI and the proper use of AI 
Keep up to date on current literature, attend conferences, and run seminars to keep Liberty at the cutting edge of the field 
Work with business units across Liberty to educate executives and business users on ethical considerations around AI, including proper usage of AI, algorithmic bias, and risk management.
 Demonstrated experience leading projects related to the ethical application of data science
 Proven ability to lead and drive high profile cross-functional projects and assignments to completion through others 
Experience building stakeholder trust and confidence in deployed models, especially via application of techniques in the fields of algorithmic bias, interpretable machine learning, and/or robust machine learning
 Expert knowledge of data science techniques, languages, and current best practices 
Experience modeling unstructured data including computer vision and/or natural language processing highly beneficial 
A broad understanding of privacy-related technologies and frameworks such as differential privacy are highly beneficial 
Competencies typically acquired through an advanced degree (in Statistics, Mathematics, Data Science or other relevant field of study) and 8 years of relevant experience or may be acquired through a Bachelor’s degree (scientific field of study) and 10 years of relevant experience. 
At Liberty Mutual, our purpose is to help people embrace today and confidently pursue tomorrow. That’s why we provide an environment focused on openness, inclusion, trust and respect. Here, you’ll discover our expansive range of roles, and a workplace where we aim to help turn your passion into a rewarding profession. We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to make things better, and we put people first by offering you benefits that support your life and well-being. To learn more, please visit https://www.libertymutualgroup.com/about-lm/careers/benefits 
Liberty Mutual has proudly been recognized as a “Great Place to Work” by Great Place to Work® US for the past several years. We were also selected as one of the “100 Best Places to Work in IT” on IDG’s Insider Pro and Computerworld’s 2020 list. We have been named by Forbes as one of America’s Best Employers for Women and one of America’s Best Employers for New Graduates—as well as one of America’s Best Employers for Diversity. To learn more about our commitment to diversity and inclusion please visit: https://jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/diversity-inclusion 
Liberty Mutual is an equal opportunity employer. We will not tolerate discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, disability, veteran’s status, pregnancy, genetic information or on any basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. 
 
20 Liberty Mutual 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Data Science jobs in Remote Jobs at Liberty Mutual Insurance in Remote Director of Data Science salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Liberty Mutual Insurance Liberty Mutual Insurance 4,470 reviews At Liberty Mutual, we want to help you embrace today and confidently pursue tomorrow. That’s why our company culture supports and champio... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
