
 
 
 
 Senior Build and Release Engineer - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Build and Release Engineer NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are now looking for a Senior Build Engineer for Autonomous Vehicles.
 Intelligent machines powered by Artificial Intelligence computers that can learn, reason and interact with people are no longer science fiction. Today, a self-driving car powered by AI can meander through a country road at night and find its way. An AI-powered robot can learn motor skills through trial and error — this is truly an extraordinary time and the era of AI has begun. Image recognition and speech recognition — GPU Deep Learning has provided the foundation for machines to learn, perceive, reason and solve problems. The GPU started out as the engine for simulating human creativity, conjuring up the amazing virtual worlds of video games and Hollywood films. Now, NVIDIA's GPU runs Deep Learning algorithms, simulating human intelligence, and acts as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Just as human imagination and intelligence are linked, computer graphics and AI come together in our architecture. Two modes of the human brain, two modes of the GPU. This may explain why NVIDIA GPUs are used broadly for Deep Learning, and NVIDIA is increasingly known as “the AI computing company.” Make the choice to join us today.
 Our team develops the NVIDIA DriveWorks SDK with the goal to provide a scalable software stack and framework to build autonomous vehicles software stacks. We are seeking build engineers with interests in build infrastructure and systems and how to improve engineering productivity to work as part of NVIDIA’s autonomous vehicles team.
 What you will be doing:
 Maintain and enhance our build system
 Developing tools and new frameworks to make the job of software building and deployment easier.
 Reviewing code for the software build architecture
 Creating plugins that will improve the automation and packaging process
 Integrating our system with company-wide build and test harnesses
 Actively participate on the releases of the software
 What we need to see:
 BS or higher in computer science or a related engineering discipline or equivalent experience
 10+ years of experience
 Experienced Linux user
 Background with version control systems GIT
 Strong knowledge of build systems such as Make, CMake and/or Bazel
 Deep understanding of CI/CD processes
 Strong knowledge of scripting and Python
 Excellent C and C++ programming skills
 Experience on integrating 3rd party libraries into existing codebases.
 Self-motivation and a great teammate
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Strong knowledge of Bazel build system
 Be hands-on and work well within a team of algorithm, software and hardware engineers, with a significant level of detail orientation and a penchant for data organization and presentation
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 #deeplearning NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Release Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Release Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
