
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Fellow - Portland, ME - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Fellow Northeastern University 613 reviews Portland, ME Northeastern University 613 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job no:  505873 
 Position Type:  Staff 
 Location:  Boston Main Campus, Portland, ME Campus 
 Categories:  Bouve College of Health Sciences 
 
 About Northeastern: 
 
Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning. Our world-renowned experiential approach empowers our students, faculty, alumni, and partners to create impact far beyond the confines of discipline, degree, and campus. 
 
Our locations—in Boston; Charlotte, North Carolina; London; Portland, Maine; San Francisco; Seattle; Silicon Valley; Toronto; Vancouver; and the Massachusetts communities of Burlington and Nahant—are nodes in our growing global university system. Through this network, we expand opportunities for flexible, student-centered learning and collaborative, solutions-focused research. 
 
Northeastern’s comprehensive array of undergraduate and graduate programs— in a variety of on-campus and online formats—lead to degrees through the doctorate in nine colleges and schools. Among these, we offer more than 195 multi-discipline majors and degrees designed to prepare students for purposeful lives and careers. 
 
About the Opportunity: 
 
The Roux Institute at Northeastern University seeks a postdoctoral AI/ML fellow to Join their team! The primary work location of this role will be the Portland Maine campus. Work and travel to the Boston campus may be required. 
 
The world is being radically transformed by artificial intelligence and other advanced technologies. In 2020, Northeastern launched the Roux Institute with tech entrepreneur David Roux to build expertise at the intersection of humans and machines. The institute offers graduate education and research capabilities in areas that will revolutionize life and work: AI, computer and data sciences, digital engineering, and the advanced life sciences and medicine. 
 
To learn more about the Roux Institute see this link https://roux.northeastern.edu/academics/ 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
We seek a postdoctoral AI/ML fellow to further test the feasibility, usability, and incipient efficacy of a real-time push notification system capable of automatically alerting inpatient staff of imminent aggression to others, self-injury, and emotion dysregulation. Project responsibilities include: 
 Working with the NU engineering sub-team to assist with biosensor data pre-processing. 
 Testing, troubleshooting, and extending new machine learning algorithms developed by the NU engineering sub-team. 
 Maintaining up-to-date repositories of behaviorally annotated biosensor data and GIT repo of the code as they are being developed and tested; and 
 Making a user-friendly yet accurate readme.txt file for the code. 
 
Qualifications: 
 Ph.D. or equivalent degree in Computer Science, Electrical and Computer Engineering, or related fields required. 
 3+ years of experience in Python programming. 
 2+ years of experience in GIT and simple webserver database management. 
 Advanced background in signal processing and machine learning; and 
 1+ years of experience developing online deep learning models and their subsequent testing. 
 
Salary Grade: 
 
10 
 
Additional Information: 
 
Northeastern University offers a comprehensive and competitive employee benefits program for all full-time regular faculty and staff including medical plans, a dental plan, medical and dependent-care reimbursement accounts, retirement plans, life insurance benefits, disability programs, and tuition reimbursement. 
 
 For a short video on the benefits Northeastern offers, watch this short video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HymNgJlQE2o&feature=youtu.be 
 For more information on the benefits Northeastern offers, see this webpage https://www.northeastern.edu/hrm/benefits/index.html 
 
 
 Northeastern University is an equal opportunity employer, seeking to recruit and support a broadly diverse community of faculty and staff. Northeastern values and celebrates diversity in all its forms and strives to foster an inclusive culture built on respect that affirms inter-group relations and builds cohesion. 
 
All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
 
To learn more about Northeastern University’s commitment and support of diversity and inclusion, please see  www.northeastern.edu/diversity . 
 
 Advertised:  17 Mar 2021 Eastern Daylight Time 
 Applications close: Northeastern University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Portland, ME Jobs at Northeastern University in Portland, ME Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Portland, ME Company Info Follow Get job updates from Northeastern University Northeastern University 613 reviews Northeastern University (NU or NEU) is a private, research university in Boston, Massachusetts, established in 1898. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
