
 
 
 
 Autonomy/Artificial Intelligence Engineer - Albuquerque, NM 87110 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Autonomy/Artificial Intelligence Engineer Alion Science and Technology 377 reviews Albuquerque, NM 87110 Alion Science and Technology 377 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
 The Autonomy/Artificial Intelligence Engineer is responsible for contributing in the developing of a portfolio of advanced technology products across business units. Will play a role in the technology lifecycle of new products, features or enhancements from conceptualization, requirements gathering, product specification, implementation and release. Contributes to moderately complex aspects of Artificial Intelligence projects and other advanced technology projects or business issues requiring state of the art technical knowledge. Will play a role on specific technologies as well as active external interface to the client and the advanced technical community.
 Job Duties: 
 Plan, prepare and present product introduction strategies 
 Provide consultation in the early life cycle of the product. 
 May participate in the forecasting and financial aspects of the product. 
 Apply complete understanding and wide application of technical principles, theories and concepts, and contribute to development of new principles and concepts. 
 Develop and programs integrated software algorithms to structure, analyze and leverage data in product and systems applications in both structured and unstructured environments. 
 Develop and communicate descriptive, diagnostic, predictive and prescriptive insights/algorithms. 
 Use machine language and statistical modeling techniques to develop and evaluate algorithms to improve product/system performance, quality, data management and accuracy. 
 Use current programming language and technologies to translate algorithms and technical specifications into code. 
 Apply deep learning technologies to provide the capability to visualize, learn and respond to complex situations. 
 Adapts machine learning to areas such as virtual reality, augmented reality, artificial intelligence, robotics and other products that allow users to have an interactive experience. 
 Apply knowledge of experimental methodologies, statistics, optimization, probability theory and machine learning using code for tool building, statistical analysis and modeling, using both general purpose software and statistical languages. 
 Demonstrates good judgment in selecting methods, techniques for obtaining results. 
Qualifications: 
 TS with SCI eligibility 
 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Machine Learning, Engineering or related field plus 5-7 years of experience. 
 In some cases, educational requirements may be adjusted or waived for applicable work experience. Work experience may be adjusted for highly specialized knowledge or uniquely applicable experience for positions involving new technology or labor market shortages as reflected by market survey data. 
Requirements: 
 Solid foundation in computer science, autonomy, & artificial intelligence. 
 Experience with software development. 
 Excellent coding skills in object oriented programming languages such as C++ and Python. 
 Experience with coding algorithms . 
 Supporting national security space capabilities development 
 Experience with deep learning libraries, such as TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, Theano, or Caffe. 
 Experience with machine learning techniques, such as Support Vector Machines, Heuristics, Neural Nets, Markov Decision Process, as well as Natural Language Processing 
 Knowledge of data structure, numerical optimization and algorithm complexity 
 Experience with Agile methodology and repositories NF 
Security Clearance: Top Secret/Sensitive Comp Info 
 Employee Type: 
 Full-Time 
 Location: 
 Albuquerque, NM
 Job Type: 
 Engineering 
 Experience: 
 Not Specified 
 Date Posted: 
 4/17/2021 
 Job ID: 
 32417 Alion Science and Technology 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Developer jobs in Albuquerque, NM Jobs at Alion Science and Technology in Albuquerque, NM Business Intelligence Developer salaries in Albuquerque, NM Company Info Follow Get job updates from Alion Science and Technology Alion Science and Technology 377 reviews Alion Science and Technology Corporation (pronounced: ah-LYE-un) is an employee-owned technology solutions company delivering technical e... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
