
 
 
 
 Manager, HR Business Partner (Remote, US) - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager, HR Business Partner (Remote, US) Sitel 11,611 reviews United States Remote Sitel 11,611 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Learn, Lead & Grow at Sitel Group® 
 
 We believe experiences are everything, and that happy associates are successful ones. That’s why we give our people the tools and the freedom to learn, grow, have fun and be themselves. 
 GROW AS YOU GO. We invest in you, with internal programs, training and initiatives to develop your skills and help you reach your goals. We promote from within. We provide you with the tools, skills and resources to develop, both professionally and personally. You choose where you want to go; we help you get there. 
 BE BOLD, BE YOU. #SitelLife represents our commitment to our people -to YOU. It's about coming exactly as you are. We empower everyone to live their truth, be themselves and use their voice -and we give them a platform to do so. 
 WORK TOGETHER TO MAKE AN IMPACT. We strive to make the world a better place and empower others to do the same. We are mission-driven -and we leverage the power of our people to make a positive impact in the communities in which we live and work. 
 GAIN STABILITY, EXPAND POSSIBILITIES. We celebrate successes and reward our people for the hard work they do every day. We offer benefits to keep you healthy and happy, such as paid time off and referral bonuses. Plus, fun perks like employee discounts. 
 MAXIMIZE YOUR EXPERIENCE. We value open, honest and constructive conversation. We encourage you to speak up -and we listen when you do. Through MAX, our global community, we leverage our people's innovative ideas, experiences and feedback to shape and drive the future of Sitel Group. 
 
 About Sitel Group® 
 
 As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brands, from Fortune 500 companies to local startups, to design, build and deliver a competitive edge across all customer touchpoints. With our award-winning culture built on 35+ years of industry-leading experience and commitment to improving the employee experience, we improve business results by pairing innovative design thinking and digital solutions – including self-service, artificial intelligence (AI), automation and data-driven analytics – with the expertise, emotion and empathy of our people to  Create Connection. Value Conversation. 
 To learn more, visit www.sitel.com or join the conversation on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn. 
 
 Summary and Responsibilities 
 
 As part of the AmeriPac People Team at Sitel the Manager, HR Business Partner you will have an opportunity to drive our corporate people functions through true business partnerships and leadership development. This position will partner cross-functionally as well as with executive leadership by providing guidance, consulting, and organizational strategy to our professional/corporate teams. You will play a critical role by building Sitel’s Manager and Leadership Development program for professional leaders for the Americas region. Your work will be critical to Sitel’s continued growth. 
 Key Responsibilities 
 
 Partner with leadership teams to understand and execute the organization's HR and talent strategy as it relates to current and future talent needs.
 Assess and build leadership capability across all levels. 
 Guide and coach leaders on all aspects of talent management and effectiveness formally and informally (TA, career development, talent review, performance). 
 You will be responsible for the design, development, implementation, and delivery of high-impact learning and talent development strategies, programs & solutions, career development, succession planning processes, and performance management by partnering with the management team, Diversity Equity & Inclusion (DEI) team and the HR community. 
 Creates and facilitates talent assessments and reviews and works with leaders in the organization to proactively identify organizational needs and long-term capability requirements, and talent and skills gaps; identifies resources and creates plans to address learning and development needs. 
 Participates in People Planning meetings with business partners, DEI team members, and HR team members to discuss talent development, succession planning, and other pertinent matters. 
 Owns the design, development, delivery, evaluation, and administration of various learning and development programs including diversity, equity and inclusion, compliance, soft skills, leadership skills development, technology, etc.; with programs conducted personally and/or through third-party resources. 
 Develops standard KPI’s, metrics, and reporting for evaluating the effectiveness of talent development programs and initiatives; communicates the impact of talent programs and initiatives. 
 Identifies internal subject matter experts to serve as learning and development resources; coordinates delivery of workshops. 
 Provide the necessary expertise or effectively partner in the areas of Organizational Design, Employee Relations, and Compensation. 
 Lead transformation and change management programs within Corporate HR. 
 
 Key Qualifications 
 
 10+ years of progressive HR experience and in an HRBP role knowledge and understanding standard methodologies, including effective approaches to attraction, engagement, recruitment, selection, and development. 
 Experience partnering with executive leadership in matrixed organizations preferred. 
 Current knowledge and understanding of Talent Management and standard methodologies including effective approaches to Leadership Development. 
 Experience defining and supervising success on program initiatives.
 Capable of crafting and communicating a clear project plan and keeping partners advised on the progress. 
 Ability to travel approx. 25% or more domestic and international. 
 
 What’s needed for Success? 
 
 Ability to rapidly change and adapt in response to changes within the organization.
 Capable of applying change management practices successfully and routinely in a dynamic environment. 
 You build and drive trusting relationships to develop organizational capabilities within supported teams. 
 You have a knack for influencing without authority and challenging the status quo to provide feedback to executive leadership. 
 Ability to think strategically and analytically and operate tactically. 
 Your expertise in data enables your team to drive consistent results and capture insights from data to support business decisions. 
 Passion for driving results. 
 Bonus points to leading seasoned high-performing teams. Sitel 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Human Resources Business Partner jobs in United States Jobs at Sitel in United States Human Resources Business Partner salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sitel Sitel 11,611 reviews As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brand... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
