
 
 
 
 Software Engineer III, Hybrid Cloud Storage (Kubernetes) - Durham, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer III, Hybrid Cloud Storage (Kubernetes) Google 3,871 reviews Durham, NC Google 3,871 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience.
 3 years of software development experience, or 1 year with an advanced degree.
 Experience in software development using Go.
 Experience with storage technologies and Kubernetes. 
 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Master’s degree or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical field.
 Experience working with cloud platforms (Google Cloud Platform, etc.). 
 Experience working with solutions that span hybrid and multi cloud infrastructures.
 Interest and ability to learn other coding languages.
 About the job 
Google Cloud's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google Cloud's needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. You will anticipate our customer needs and be empowered to act like an owner, take action and innovate. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 
The Hybrid Cloud Storage team's vision is to allow customers to run containerized stateful applications across any Anthos platform, including Google Cloud Platform (GCP), in hybrid and multi-cloud environments.
 Kubernetes (K8s) is an orchestration engine that automates deployments/scaling, manages the lifecycle of containers, and enables building modern hybrid applications that can be written once and run anywhere. Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) is the GCP hosted version of Kubernetes that simplifies the Kubernetes administration and management allowing customers to focus on their application logic.
 
 While container adoption is primarily focused on stateless applications, meaning customers need to continue to run their data critical workloads outside of GKE, we are working on providing enterprise-level data protection services to enable all stateful applications in Kubernetes. 
Google Cloud provides organizations with leading infrastructure, platform capabilities and industry solutions. We deliver enterprise-grade cloud solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology to help companies operate more efficiently and adapt to changing needs, giving customers a foundation for the future. Customers in more than 150 countries turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to solve their most critical business problems. 
Responsibilities 
 Help deliver high quality and usable products for our customers enabling them to succeed. 
 Design and implement new features in Kubernetes.
 Work with cloud, hybrid and on-prem infrastructure.
 Collaborate within the team, across teams and within the OSS community.
 Help shape team culture and create a great work environment.
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Durham, NC Jobs at Google in Durham, NC Senior Software Engineer salaries in Durham, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,871 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
