
 
 
 
 Vice President of Construction - Houston Corporate - Houston, TX 77070 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Vice President of Construction - Houston Corporate Venterra Realty 63 reviews Houston, TX 77070 Venterra Realty 63 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Venterra Realty is a privately held corporate success story by any measure. We are a technology company, an investment management company, and a commercial real estate company. Venterra has just under $4 billion AUM; revenue of $350+ million. We own and operate over 65 multi-unit residential communities, representing more than 18,000 units in the highest growth cities in the Southern United States. Over the past 20 years, and through 3 economic cycles, we have achieved a 10% annual growth rate. 
Investors have enjoyed some of the best risk-adjusted returns available in the investment universe, not just the real estate sector. Average annual returns have been 18%+ over a 20-year period. These returns have been earned using low leverage. Financial/operating performance of the firm’s investments has exceeded the average performance of the top U.S. public REITs by almost 50% over the past 12 years. Significant capital is available to fund further growth with a long waiting list of prospective investors. Residents at Venterra properties rate their living experience in the top 5% nationally of all apartment communities. Last year, GlassDoor.com rated Venterra one of the 50 best places to work in America (out of 600,000+ firms) and FORTUNE Magazine (top 100) rated Venterra as one of the best workplaces in the U.S. for companies with fewer than 1000 employees. 
Our plans for growth are ambitious and diversified while retaining our Real Estate focus. We foresee significant growth in our core value add product through geographic expansion into several, already qualified US cities, as well as through ground-up development of Multifamily communities. Within the coming year, we will have started two ground-up multi-residential development projects (each 300+ units and $50M+ in capital). We are in the early stages of exploring new products, such as affordable housing and single-family rental. And to ensure that we capitalize on emerging property technologies, we are an LP in one of the largest private equity Property Technology (Proptech) venture capital firms in our sector. 
Technology is in the DNA of its founders, and they are the leaders of Venterra today. The Chair holds a Master’s Degree in Artificial Intelligence. Earlier in their careers, the Chair and the CEO jointly led the growth and sale of a highly successful software technology business focused on transportation logistics optimization. They then applied their business and technology acumen to the real estate industry and created Venterra. Though the owners were independently wealthy before turning 40, they have spent the past 20 years founding and growing this very successful business. 
This technology background has resulted in Venterra being one of the few companies in the industry with our own in-house property management system and 50-person Technology Group allowing us to control our technology destiny, which is increasingly important if we want to compete at the highest levels. Technology empowers Venterra’s Operations team to be a leader and innovator of customer experience. Using technology extensively, we were able to create a near touchless interface with residents during the crisis. This is one of the many technology-driven innovations that lead to Venterra significantly outperforming the overall U.S. multi-family industry during the COVID-19 Crisis. 
Venterra is an intriguing employer offering exposure to three sectors—technology, investment management, and real estate. We have several paths charted for growth and are well-capitalized. The Venterra core values result in a culture that embraces creative thinking and execution talent. 
SUMMARY:
 The Vice President of Construction will work in conjunction with our Development Team, evaluating prospective sites, overseeing pre-construction, and representing the organization throughout the construction phase. While reporting to the Vice President of Development, the ideal candidate will provide management oversight to ensure that the project is designed, budgeted, and completed successfully to Venterra’s high-quality standard, on time, and on budget. We are seeking an individual who will cultivate an environment of continuous improvement in effectiveness and efficiency through process improvement and the application of technology. 
Areas of Responsibility: 
Represent the organization as a leader to employees, external consultants, General Contractors, subcontractors, and the communities we operate in, by demonstrating the organization’s mission, vision, and core values. 
Responsible for all aspects of multiple projects from start to finish, including management of the third-party General Contractor from selection to project completion. 
Lead pre-construction activities, including site feasibility, take-offs, bid solicitation, bid review, General Contractor negotiations, and assembly of the final project budget. 
Partner with the third-party General Contractor, along with subcontractors and vendors, to develop complete coordination of project requirements, i.e. contracts, plans, documents, schedules, budgets and special considerations to execute contractual obligations. 
Responsible for all reporting and construction billings related to each project. This would include updated Cost to Complete, Progress Updates, Executive Summaries, and other reporting for Development, the Executive Team, and Ownership. 
Maintain and develop relationships with Industry Partners. 
Education:
 Undergraduate Degree in Construction Management or a related field is required. 
Experience: 
Minimum 10-15 years of Construction leadership experience. 
10+ years in wood-frame multifamily construction. 
Experience as lead manager of multiple 300+ unit projects in excess of $30MM. 
Must have a thorough knowledge of and relationship with multifamily trades in the Houston market 
Strong financial analysis experience. 
Experience with City of Houston and surrounding municipalities. 
Deep knowledge of construction building codes and building methods. 
Attributes: 
Inherently a leader—values accomplishing results through and with people. Employs the principles of servant leadership. Personifies high standards of excellence and is capable of encouraging others to embrace and achieve stretch objectives. People strive to achieve under their leadership and take pride in their accomplishments. 
Strong attention to detail and precision. 
Analytical thinker/problem solver with an engineering/technical mindset. 
Excellent organizational and time management skills, ability to take initiative, use good judgment, demonstrate a strong sense of urgency and follow-up, and carry multiple projects through to completion. 
Self-confident; possesses the courage of his/her convictions but can candidly acknowledge personal mistakes. Is not arrogant. Has ego well in check. Is humble about his/her personal role in successes. 
Tech-savvy. Recognizes where and how technology can expedite results. 
A lifelong learner. Intellectually curious and capable of seeking out, absorbing, and interpreting information on a wide variety of topics both within and outside the work context. 
Honest and open communicator. Has excellent interpersonal skills and relates well to a wide range of people. 
Willingness and ability to travel as required. Venterra Realty 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President of Construction jobs in Houston, TX Jobs at Venterra Realty in Houston, TX Vice President of Construction salaries in Houston, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Venterra Realty Venterra Realty 63 reviews Founded in 2001, at Venterra, we own and manage apartment communities in 11 major US cities that provide housing to over 35,000 people an... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
