
 
 
 
 Software Engineer, Data Science, Trucking - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer, Data Science, Trucking Waymo 26 reviews Mountain View, CA Waymo 26 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Waymo is an autonomous driving technology company with a mission to make it safe and easy for people and things to get where they’re going. Since our start as the Google Self-Driving Car Project in 2009, Waymo has been focused on building the World’s Most Experienced Driver in hopes of improving the world's access to mobility while saving thousands of lives now lost to traffic crashes. Our Waymo Driver powers Waymo One, our fully autonomous ride-hailing service, as well as Waymo Via, our trucking and local delivery service. To date, Waymo has driven over 20 million miles autonomously on public roads across 25 U.S. cities and conducted over 20 billion miles of simulation testing. 
As Waymo is becoming a multi-product company, Trucking is our second largest opportunity and will see massive growth in 2020. We believe that commercial trucking, the backbone of our economy, stands to reap untold benefits by deploying autonomous trucks, particularly during long-haul stretches. Roads will be safer. Goods will be cheaper. Truckers will be called upon to use their skills in new ways while the truck itself becomes a trusted navigation partner. 
 
In this role, you'll be working with a small but rapidly growing team, benefitting from shared technology of the greater Waymo and Alphabet organizations. Our team is made up of robotics specialists from some of the leading technology companies of our time - with deep expertise in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and real-world deployment of advanced technology. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
 Work alongside Software Engineers from across the Trucking Team to provide understanding and confidence in the features and changes we are working on. 
 Evaluate and understand the cross-functional, trucking-specific challenges that need to be tackled to operate a large fleet of autonomous trucks safely and efficiently. 
 Develop new metrics/models for measuring driving performance, unblocking the development of advanced onboard features and driverless launches. 
 Prototype and deploy robust and reliable solutions to cutting-edge driving problems. 
 Understand how our vehicles act and react in complex, nuanced, and rare situations. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 
 BS/MS/PhD in Computer Science/Data Science/Statistics, similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experience 
 Experience in programming (in C++ or python) 
 Familiarity with data analysis in the context of evaluation. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
 Experience in robotics or other physical systems. 
 Familiarity with the trucking industry 
 Firm grasp of statistics, modeling, and/or machine learning. 
 SQL (or other querying language) Waymo 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Waymo in Mountain View, CA Data Scientist salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Waymo 26 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
