
 
 
 
 Application Administrator (Remote - Work from Home) - Franklin, MA 02038 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Application Administrator (Remote - Work from Home) Interactions 166 reviews Franklin, MA 02038 Remote Interactions 166 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who is Interactions?
 
Interactions, LLC is the world’s largest independent AI company. We operate at the intersection of customer experience and AI – two of today’s most innovative and dynamic industries. Since 2004, we’ve helped leading companies like MetLife, Citi, Shutterfly , and LifeLock have millions of successful conversations, resulting in saving operational cost and increasing productivity.
 
Interactions’ 5-year vision is to accelerate a transition from today’s frustrating and uninspired customer service experiences into amazing conversational engagements! Allowing customers to communicate in their own words and on their channel of choice, to accomplish tasks, all without having to go through an agent. In doing this via our conversational AI engine, our customers benefit from dramatically improved customer experience and increased customer engagement, while also saving significant and demonstrable operational expenses.
 Job Description
 
As a member of the Corporate team, you will be a part of the backbone of a company that builds and brings to market artificial intelligence technologies, including natural language processing and cognitive computing. You will build best practices that will serve internal (and sometimes external) customers and business partners.
 The Application Administrator monitors overall Learning Management System performance and oversees configuration, administration, and maintenance of websites, web applications and tools.
 
Job Responsibilities Essential Job Functions
 Manage Learning Management System (LMS) content, database, and version updates
 Maintain Web system / applications / tool performance through conducting system monitoring / analysis, and performance tuning / troubleshooting of system hardware / software.
 Upgrade Web system by conferring with vendors and services; developing, testing, evaluating, and installing enhancements / new software.
 Actively collaborate with Content Developers on media assets and user content for the LMS.
 Develop custom reporting for course performance and learning objectives.
 Identify, standardize, and communicate levels of access to the LMS with special attention on security.
 Perform user testing / usage analyses to determine site effectiveness / usability.
 Lead our disaster recovery effort through backing up / modifying applications, training content, and certification data.
 Translate ideas and concepts into workable wireframes / user task flow diagrams, and ultimately into solutions that maintain functional design specifications.
 Ability to communicate and present to key stakeholders regarding system status, user performance, and upcoming design modification / solutions.
 Other Duties and Responsibilities
 Full Stack Development
 Server maintenance, capacity to implement future migrations
 Manage user accounts Qualifications Required
 2-3 years relevant experience.
 Proficient in JavaScript and SQL (2-3 years experience). Preferred
 Working knowledge of successful Learning Management Systems (Moodle).
 Background in Graphic design.
 
Why Work at Interactions?
 
We've created a culture of people who are dedicated to helping each other and the company succeed. We take time to celebrate wins and recognize accomplishments. Whether it’s a seasonal event or friendly competition, we’re always thinking of new ways to have fun.
 
Our team's health and well-being is important to us. In addition to a full suite of benefits, we offer 5 weeks of time off with pay, 401k matching, paid parental leave and flexible work schedules. We are all committed to the company’s success by being valued shareowners and are incentivized through individual performance and company results. Come join us!
 
Interactions is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, and gender identity), national origin, marital status, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Interactions LLC 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Administrator jobs in Franklin, MA Jobs at Interactions in Franklin, MA Administrator salaries in Franklin, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Interactions Interactions 166 reviews Interactions, a primarily virtual company, is the world’s largest independent artificial intelligence company. We operate at the intersec... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
