
 
 
 
 Data Entry - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Entry TransPerfect Translations Inc. Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are looking for  Data Entry Clerks  to join our crew of photo and video collectors worldwide! 
 
IMPORTANT: This is a temporary contract job. 
 
At TransPerfect, we are looking for speakers of various languages to join our worldwide network of workers on a variety of innovative and interesting remote projects and jobs to improve Artificial Intelligence (i.e. as speech or text recognition, input methods, keyboard/swipe technology or other areas of human-machine interaction). 
TransPerfect has over 5,000 full-time employees, a network of over 5,000 certified linguists and subject-area specialists, and over 90 offices in cities around the globe, making it the world’s largest privately held language services provider. TransPerfect is certified to ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 17100:2015, ensuring the highest level of quality and service for all projects. Our global group of companies completes over 300,000 projects per year and works with many of the world's most recognizable enterprises. 
In this role, you will work as a  Transcriber/Labeler,  You will perform some or all of the following tasks:  transcription, data labeling, and data classification.  This job requires a high level of independence, adaptation, and accuracy. Attention to detail is a must to succeed in this role! 
Part-time or full-time availability. 
 
Ability to meet daily KPI's. 
Excellent time management. 
Ability to work independently. 
Flexibility and ability to adapt and react to changing priorities quickly and efficiently. 
Ability to track, analyze, and report issues. 
Ability to understand and implement feedback. 
Find comfort in detail-oriented work. TransPerfect Translations Inc. 2 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Data Entry Clerk jobs in Remote Jobs at TransPerfect Translations in Remote Data Entry Clerk salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from TransPerfect Translations Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
