
 
 
 
 Manufacturing Engineer - Schaumburg, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manufacturing Engineer Motorola Solutions 2,950 reviews Schaumburg, IL Motorola Solutions 2,950 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description If you are a current Motorola Solutions employee, please click this link to apply through your Workday account.
 Company Overview
 At Motorola Solutions, we create technologies our customers refer to as their lifeline. Our technology platforms in communications, software, video and services help our customers work safely and more efficiently. Whether it’s helping firefighters see through smoke, enabling police officers to see around street corners, or reliably keeping the lights on in homes and businesses around the world, our work supports those who put their lives on the line to keep us safe. Bring your passion, potential and talents to Motorola Solutions, and help us usher in a new era in public safety and security. 
 
 Department Overview
 Our Applied Technology organization puts some of Motorola Solutions' brightest minds on unique, highly challenging projects. Based on decades of experience with our customers, we apply leading-edge technologies to support security and safety throughout the world. We engineer our products from start to finish and manufacture them in-house. We're known for low volume and high capability with focused specialization in areas including software-defined radios, advanced antenna solutions, artificial intelligence and machine learning, cybersecurity, signals intelligence and more. We can't tell you much more about what we do, but we can tell you it's amazing.
 
 Job Description
 Duties normally associated with manufacturing engineering in a high mix, low volume production environment. Focus is on surface mount technology processes as well as some light assembly.
 Responsible for new process development and implementation
 Work with the project teams to identify new process capabilities, perform product validation and facilitate transition from development to production release.
 Hands-on experience in product builds, troubleshooting, and optimization of NPI production process
 Trouble shoot existing processes for yield and throughput issues
 Create work instructions and train operators in new and updated processes.
 Act as liaison between Design Engineering and Manufacturing with respect to new product launch efforts.
 Evaluate new designs in terms of manufacturability and suggest design changes
 #AppliedTech 
 
 Basic Requirements
 Bachelors (BS) or Masters (MS) in Engineering, Mechanical or Manufacturing is preferred
 Knowledge in Statistics and Lean practices is preferred
 Knowledge of or interest in SMT processes.
 Must be a U.S. Citizen with the ability to obtain necessary security clearance as required by government contract. Some contracts may have higher-level clearance requirements 
 
 Travel Requirements
 None
 
 Relocation Provided
 None
 
 Position Type
 Experienced
 
 Referral Payment Plan
 No 
 
 
 EEO Statement
 Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran's status, or, any other protected characteristic. Motorola Solutions 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Manufacturing Engineer jobs in Schaumburg, IL Jobs at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, IL Manufacturing Engineer salaries in Schaumburg, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Motorola Solutions Motorola Solutions 2,950 reviews Motorola Solutions (NYSE: MSI) is a global leader in mission-critical communications and analytics. Our technology platforms in mission-c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
