
 
 
 
 Recruiting Manager, Technical Recruiting Teams - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Recruiting Manager, Technical Recruiting Teams Facebook 621 reviews Remote Remote Facebook 621 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Technology Recruiting Teams at Facebook support technical hiring across unique initiatives and innovative technologies. These technical pillars are responsible for developing and building the software and hardware platforms that power Facebook, its Infrastructure, and its family of apps today (including Data Center, Core Systems Engineering, Foundation, Enterprise, Network Engineering, Production Engineering, Connectivity, Privacy and Security teams) and the Facebook Reality Labs platform (Augmented and Virtual Reality and Artificial Intelligence [AI]).As we hire some of the best technical minds around and we need the best recruiting minds to match our business needs. As a Recruiting Manager for one of our Technical Recruiting Teams, you will develop, drive, and execute on the staffing strategies that will drive growth for Facebook's technical pillars. You will support and lead a geographically distributed team of staffing professionals focused on driving recruitment efforts at scale. This individual will know how to coach, mentor, and guide a team of recruiters and sourcers through the entire recruiting life cycle while also partnering closely with key cross-functional partners to drive world class recruiting practices and engagement strategies. 
Provide training, mentorship, guidance and career development to members of the Product Leadership recruiting team 
Establish and maintain meaningful relationships with management and key cross-functional stakeholders internally (e.g. Legal, Finance, PR, Growth, Facilities, HR, etc.) 
Compile & analyze data and metrics to strategically support business objectives 
Define, design and implement recruiting programs for a variety of Product positions. This includes understanding and mapping the talent landscape, internal calibration and referrals, and matching those data points with the external talent supply 
Skillfully support weighing the anticipated and immediate challenges of the targeted roles, company/group strategic objectives and corresponding opportunities to explore more diverse perspectives and tradeoffs 
Foster trust-based relationships with Product leadership, gaining a close understanding of their requirements and concerns 
Leverage search and problem-solving expertise on a variety of Facebook Global Recruiting initiatives 
Provide scalable solutions to Facebook business objectives by compiling, analyzing, and capturing insights from the recruiting funnel Identify recruiting trends and leverage knowledge, data, and competitive intelligence to develop creative, customized sourcing/closing strategies 
4+ years of recruiting experience 
2+ years experience managing a team of sourcers and/or recruiters 
Experience managing teams of 5+ direct reports and developing senior individual contributors 
Experience delivering large projects, process improvements and managing through change 
Experience providing a consultative recruiting approach with internal stakeholders 
Experience leading technical sourcing or recruiting teams 
Experience managing teams of 10+ direct reports 
Experience working with niche hiring pipelines 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. 
#LI-REMOTE Facebook 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Recruitment Manager jobs in Remote Jobs at Facebook in Remote Recruitment Manager salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 621 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
