
 
 
 
 Director of Product - HPC and On-prem Hardware - San Francisco Bay Area, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director of Product - HPC and On-prem Hardware Lambda 17 reviews San Francisco Bay Area, CA Remote Lambda 17 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Lambda's mission is to accelerate human progress with computation. Our deep learning systems power cutting edge advancements in quantum computing, cancer detection, autonomous aircraft, drug discovery, self driving cars, and much more. 
 
Lambda’s growing client list included Apple, Intel, Microsoft, Amazon Research, Tencent, MIT, Harvard, Stanford, Caltech and many more top public and private research institutions. 
 
Join us in building the future of Artificial Intelligence. 
 
About the Role 
 
You’ll be in charge of all new hardware product development at Lambda. You’ll lead a team of product managers and engineers as well as take ownership of our flagship product, Lambda Echelon GPU clusters. 
 
What You’ll Do 
 
 Build and lead a team of world class product managers and engineer 
 Take product and engineering leadership for our flagship product: Lambda Echelon 
 Talk with customers and translate their demands into exceptional products 
 Outline product roadmap and deliver products to market 
 Work alongside our sales, engineering and operations team to design a complete solution (systems and clusters including computational, storage and networking setup from the component level on both the hardware and software level) 
 
 Experience that’s great to have 
 
 5+ years working with High Performance Computing systems 
 Experience shipping IT infrastructure products from start to finish 
 Understanding of data center power, cooling, networks, storage, and compute systems 
 Experience talking with customers and bringing exceptional products to market 
 
 Nice to Have 
 
 Experience working with GPUs 
 Experience training neural networks or providing internal deep learning infrastructure 
 Linux system administration experience 
 
 About Lambda 
 
 We offer generous cash & equity compensation. 
 Investors include Gradient Ventures, Google’s AI-focused venture fund. 
 We are experiencing extremely high demand for our systems, with quarter over quarter, year over year profitability. 
 Our research papers have been accepted into top machine learning and graphics conferences, including NeurIPS ,ICCV, SIGGRAPH, and TOG. 
 We have a wildly talented team of 30, and growing fast. 
 Our remote workforce, based on role, is across the U.S., with headquarters in San Francisco. 
 Health, dental, and vision coverage for you and your dependents. 
 Commuter/Work from home stipends. 
 401k Plan. 
 3 weeks Annual Paid Time Off. 
 
 
Equal Opportunity Employer 
 
Lambda Labs is an Equal Opportunity employer. Applicants are considered without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, age, sex, gender, marital status, sexual orientation and identity, genetic information, veteran status, citizenship, or any other factors prohibited by local, state, or federal law. Lambda 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Product Management jobs in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Jobs at Lambda in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Director of Product Management salaries in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lambda Lambda 17 reviews Lambda is the official English student newspaper at Laurentian University in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
