
 
 
 
 Customer Service Program Specialist - Demand Management - North Reading, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer Service Program Specialist - Demand Management Amazon.com Services LLC 70,030 reviews North Reading, MA Amazon.com Services LLC 70,030 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience 
 1+ years of order management, supply chain, planning, or logistics experience 
 1+ years of Oracle or equivalent ERP, manufacturing and supply chain applications 
 
Are you inspired by invention? Is problem solving through teamwork in your DNA? We apply advances in robotics and software to solve real-world problems that delight our customers' experiences in ways we can't even imagine yet.
 
Amazon Robotics is located in the greater Boston area, the epicenter of robotics innovation. Our diverse team of engineers come from all over the world to design, test and build our dynamic fleet of robots and mechatronic systems. Having our offices, labs, test floors and factories all co-located means that we can design the hardware, write the code, test, build and watch it all come to life. This allows us to innovate quickly and on limitless ideas. Current advancements are underway in autonomous movement and mobility, artificial intelligence and machine learning, manipulation, simulation, robotic management software, predictive analytics, and much more.
 
The Customer Service Program Specialist - Demand Management will be responsible for generating and maintaining demand signals through a dynamic, cross-functional change management process connecting site requirements with delivery schedules to enable other cross functional teams to execute on the demand signal. They will work with both internal and external stakeholders including but not limited to customers, engineering, purchasing, quality, logistics, installation, and field service. A successful candidate will have tactical experience of order management, customer service, and supply chain.
 
The Customer Service Program Specialist's primary responsibilities will include, but not be limited to:
 
 Enter, manage, and administer all sales orders activity in our ERP system including data entry, updates, monitoring and reporting for portfolio of customers. 
 Engage cross functional teams on confirming BOM’s, return material authorizations, receiving material commits, and delivery options. 
 Prioritize daily tasks between urgent customer needs and long term strategic plans. 
 Ensure proper PO coverage is provided for orders, research shortages to prevent delays. 
 Manage expectations on delivery issues and escalations with install team and manager. 
 Perform supply and demand inventory analysis to ensure timely shipments. 
 Maintain and update personal site tracking lists as sites are added, removed, and rescheduled. 
 Create and administer inter-team process improvement tools to increase efficiency. 
 Manage and maintain internal orders for company employees through requisition system. 
 Expert in Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint. 
 Analyzing and Understanding of metrics and process capabilities 
 2+ years of customer service experience 
 2+ years of business intelligence tools experience 
 2+ years of modeling in Microsoft Excel/Tableau 
 2+ years of experience or Oracle or equipment ERP system 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us . Amazon.com 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Service Representative jobs in North Reading, MA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in North Reading, MA Customer Service Representative salaries in North Reading, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,030 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
