
 
 
 
 Software Development Engineer (Internship) - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Development Engineer (Internship) Conversica 16 reviews Atlanta, GA Conversica 16 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description Conversica is the pioneer and leading provider of Intelligent Virtual Assistants helping organizations attract, acquire and grow customers at scale. Conversica Intelligent Virtual Assistants are AI-powered, SaaS-based software applications that serve as virtual team members and autonomously engage contacts, prospects, customers, or partners in personalized human-like, two-way interactions to drive towards the next best action across the customer revenue lifecycle; whether that’s scheduling a sales meeting, gauging interest to buy additional products or services, or politely but persistently collecting overdue payments. 
Reaching out to over 100 million people on behalf of thousands of companies, Conversica Intelligent Virtual Assistants are built on a proven and patented intelligent automation platform integrating natural language understanding (NLU), natural language generation (NLG), autonomous action chains and deep learning capabilities that engage prospects over multiple communication channels and in multiple languages. 
Winning multiple awards including Inc. 5000 fastest growing companies and recognized by Gartner as a Cool Vendor, Conversica is a portfolio company of Providence Equity, Kennet Partners and Toba Capital and is headquartered in Foster City, California in Silicon Valley with additional US offices in Seattle and Bellingham, Washington. 
Conversica is building out the next generation of our artificial intelligence platform. We have the big picture, but there is much design work to be done and lots of code to write. For that, we seek individuals who have a passion for coding and who have an interest in AI, Machine Learning and NLG. 
As an SDE Intern, you will work with a team to develop services and applications in various system areas including machine learning, natural language processing and data analytics. You will participate in design sessions about your services and applications and perform heads down development, and test code. These roles require you to maintain and debug your services and applications in our production environment. This type of role allows you to work closely with a team of engineers, Product Management and our Customer Success teams. Remember at Conversica, our mantra is to have fun, be fun, and get a lot done. 
 
We seek software programmers who have a positive attitude, great interpersonal and communications skills and who are entering a senior level status, pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related technical field. Focused curriculum ideally in areas of distributed systems, full stack development, object-oriented methodologies, UML design techniques, event driven architectures, and other design patterns. Programing in areas that include:
 Familiarity with open-source libraries/frameworks, preferably in Python, Java or PHP Understanding of XML, JSON and/or Web-services machine learning or artificial intelligence or data sciences frameworks is a plus 
 Conversica is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
 
 Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Conversica does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. We will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Conversica. Conversica 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Conversica in Atlanta, GA Software Engineer salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Conversica 16 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
