
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence SME - Arlington, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence SME Radiance Technologies Inc. 71 reviews Arlington, VA Radiance Technologies Inc. 71 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Radiance Technologies, a rapidly growing employee-owned company is seeking an Artificial Intelligence SME to join our team in Arlington, VA. This candidate leads the management, development, and maintenance of DoD modernization technology roadmaps. You will develop technology roadmaps to inform DoD leadership, outside agencies, Congress, Industry Academia, Professional Societies and other. 
 
 
Job Duties: 
 
 Maintain modernization tech roadmaps related to space systems. Roadmaps shall include all DoD activities and applicable program elements 
 Modernization roadmaps shall be current and updated at the direction of the respective Program Director 
 Coordinate roadmaps with key stakeholders, including DoD leaders, the Services/Agencies and other key partners 
 Refine and update S&T roadmaps based on feedback from stakeholders and changes to technology development investments. 
 Assist and prepare presentations and reports to DoD leadership, outside agencies, Congress, Industry, Academia, Professional Societies and others as directed by your Program Director 
 Track department-wide budgets for efforts aligning with their respective Program Director 
 Prepare and conduct meetings related to your Program Director's focus area (Artificial Intelligence) 
 
Required Skills 
 
 Master’s degree in a relevant Science, Technology, Engineering or Math discipline 
 Current active TS/SCI security clearance 
 
Required Experience 
 
 14+ years’ total relevant experience and at least 7 years of recent direct experience in artificial intelligence, machine learning (AI/ML), and/or software development Radiance Technologies Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Radiance Technologies in Arlington, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Radiance Technologies Inc. Radiance Technologies Inc. 71 reviews Radiance began its operation March 15th 1999. Our goal in forming the company was to be employee-owned, work in a team environment, focus... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
