
 
 
 
 Senior Director, Cloud Gaming Platform and Experiences - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Director, Cloud Gaming Platform and Experiences NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA is expanding GeForce Now, the state of the art next-generation gaming platform, transforming any PC, Mobile device or TV into a high-performance gaming rig with NVIDIA’s cloud based GPU’s. We want users worldwide to get instant access to gaming in the cloud, play the latest games in high-definition at optimal settings and smooth frame rates.
 The GeForce NOW service allows you to play your favorite games, automatically keep them up-to date, and have an optimized streaming experience, as if you are playing the game from a local PC. This means the user will be ready to enjoy the fun and benefits of industry-leading technologies, streamed right to your PC, Mobile device or TV. Just click and play! For more details see: https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/geforce-now
 What you’ll be doing:
 We are looking for an experienced and innovative Senior Director of Engineering to own GeForce Now Cloud Platform and Experiences.
 You will set the vision, build the roadmap for future product development in the area of Cloud Gaming, including new services, new features, improvements for existing services and improvement of User Experience flows.
 Interacting with partners such as game developers, game publishers, Telcos, etc.. and using their feedback to drive innovation, SDKs, DevKits and Tooling is also an important part.
 Another key responsibility is hiring talented engineers and managers and bringing them together as a team to innovate and deliver.
 As a leader, we will look to you to use your experience with gaming-focused products to build scalable, cost-effective, and easy-to-use GEFORCE NOW Gaming service.
 You’ll help set – and will be expected to deliver on – aggressive goals for adoption, operational performance, and feature delivery.
 Responsibilities include direct management of directors, senior managers, architects and engineers, planning, product definition, customer communication, project management for software within the team, and quality of software development process.
 Additionally, as our organization is growing, hiring outstanding managers and engineers will be a key focus.
 What we need to see:
 Master’s degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related technical discipline
 15+ years of relevant engineering experience
 10+ years people management experience
 We expect you to thrive in a forward-thinking environment where we constantly balance between process, quality and execution speed.
 You must have an established background in delivering consumer-facing gaming and interactive graphics solutions, strong technical skills, data-driven mentality, excellent project management skills, great interpersonal skills, and a motivation to achieve results in a fast-paced environment.
 As a proven leader who can prioritize well, communicate clearly and compellingly, and who understands how to drive a high level of focus and excellence within a team.
 You'd be a builder you have a solid understanding of cloud technologies, Game Development tooling, UI/UX.
 Knowledge of GPU technologies and Gaming ecosystem is a strong plus.
 NVIDIA has continuously reinvented itself over two decades. Our invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing.
 NVIDIA is leading the way in groundbreaking developments in Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens up new universes to explore, enables amazing creativity and discovery, and powers what were once science fiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars. NVIDIA is looking for phenomenal people like you to help us accelerate the next wave of artificial intelligence.
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world's most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Director jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Senior Director salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
