
 
 
 
 Senior System Administrator (Remote - U.S.) - Franklin, MA 02038 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior System Administrator (Remote - U.S.) Interactions 166 reviews Franklin, MA 02038 Remote Interactions 166 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who is Interactions?
 
Interactions, LLC is the world’s largest independent AI company. We operate at the intersection of customer experience and AI – two of today’s most innovative and dynamic industries. Since 2004, we’ve helped leading companies like MetLife, Citi , Shutterfly , and LifeLock have millions of successful conversations, resulting in saving operational cost and increasing productivity.
 
Interactions’ 5-year vision is to accelerate a transition from today’s frustrating and uninspired customer service experiences into amazing conversational engagements! Allowing customers to communicate in their own words and on their channel of choice, to accomplish tasks, all without having to go through an agent. In doing this via our conversational AI engine, our customers benefit from dramatically improved customer experience and increased customer engagement, while also saving significant and demonstrable operational expenses.
 Job Description
 As a member of one of our Technology teams, you will contribute to building solutions that use natural language processing, cognitive computing, and artificial intelligence applications or the frameworks and infrastructure that support them.
 
The Senior IT System Administrator is responsible for provisioning, installation, configuration, operation, and maintenance of server systems hardware and software within Interactions IT infrastructure. This individual is responsible for maintenance, monitoring and troubleshooting of Interactions IT infrastructure. This person also will maintain system alignment with information security initiatives as well as manage initiatives related to domain and identity management.
 
Develop installation, configuration, and operational procedures, and maintain system standards
 
Recommend innovative, and where possible, automated approaches for administrative tasks
 
Perform daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of systems, server resources, and key processes
 
Troubleshoot, repair and recover from system failures, and coordinate with impacted parties as necessary
 
Work out of a trouble ticket queue to resolve issues and requests according to established service level agreements
 
Provide tier 3 support and cross training to the Help Desk
 
Communicate and collaborate effectively with colleagues and business partners
 
Provide written and/or verbal updates to management as required
 
Install, configure, and troubleshoot Windows servers in physical, virtual, and cloud environments, and engage in ongoing performance tuning and resource optimization
 
Perform monthly server patching to ensure compliance with security and compliance standards
 
Manage various server backup systems to ensure protection of corporate data
 
Perform administrative tasks in Active Directory including management of objects organizational units (OUs)
 
Maintain group policy object (GPOs) to ensure compliance to corporate standards
 
Maintain corporate storage systems, and perform ongoing capacity planning to ensure business continuity
 
 Requirements: 
Bachelor’s degree with a technical major preferred.
 
5+ years of system administration experience required
 
Excellent verbal and written communications
 
Highly motivated self-starter, with a keen attention to detail
 
Good interpersonal skills, with a focus on rapport building, listening, and questioning skills.
 
Ability to conduct research into a wide range of computing issues.
 
Highly self-motivated and directed.
 
Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities.
 
Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment.
 
Exceptional customer service orientation.
 
Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.
 
 Knowledge & Skills: 
MS Server (2008 - 2019)
 
Active Directory/Group Policy
 
Backup solutions and applications
 
Virtualization technologies
 
Anti-Virus and Encryption technologies (Bitlocker a plus)
 
Networking concepts, and basic understanding of UNIX.
 
Windows 10
 
Mac OS
 
Google Workspace
 
Manage Engine Desktop Central and/or JAMF a plus
 
Why Work at Interactions?
 
We've created a culture of people who are dedicated to helping each other and the company succeed. We take time to celebrate wins and recognize accomplishments. Whether it’s a seasonal event or friendly competition, we’re always thinking of new ways to have fun.
 
Our team's health and well-being is important to us. In addition to a full suite of benefits, we offer 5 weeks of time off with pay, 401k matching, paid parental leave and flexible work schedules. We are all committed to the company’s success by being valued shareowners and are incentivized through individual performance and company results. Come join us!
 
Interactions is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, and gender identity), national origin, marital status, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Interactions LLC 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Systems Administrator jobs in Franklin, MA Jobs at Interactions in Franklin, MA Senior Systems Administrator salaries in Franklin, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Interactions Interactions 166 reviews Interactions, a primarily virtual company, is the world’s largest independent artificial intelligence company. We operate at the intersec... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
