
 
 
 
 Medical Review Nurse - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Medical Review Nurse NCI Information Systems Inc. 404 reviews Remote NCI Information Systems Inc. 404 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
NCI is a leading provider of enterprise solutions and services to U.S. defense, intelligence, health and civilian government agencies. Coupled with a refined focus on strategic partnerships, we are successfully bridging the gap between commercial best practices and mission-critical government processes. Core competencies include: 
Artificial intelligence 
Agile digital transformation 
Advanced analytics 
Hyperconverged infrastructure solutions 
Cyber security and information assurance 
Fraud, waste and abuse 
Error Rate Measurement 
Engineering and logistics 
NCI has been designated a 2018 Military Friendly Employer by MilitaryFriendly.com 
Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, NCI has approximately 2,000 employees operating at more than 100 locations worldwide. 
Responsibilities:
 
As a  Medical Review Nurse  (Medical Reviewer IV) for  NCI  working on the  CMS Medicare Hearings and Appeals Support (HAS) contract , you will perform medical review of appealed CMS Hierarchical Condition Codes (HCC) audit results and provide analysis of supporting documentation. In addition, you will be required to provide a written summary of findings to the CMS Hearings Officer as well as attending review and other meetings as requested by the hearings officer. 
 
HIGHLIGHTS OF RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 Review appealed CMS Hierarchical Condition Codes (HCC) audit results and supporting documentation and preparing a report that contains analysis and conclusions summarized Participate in decision conferences as requested by the CMS Hearing Officer Review Reconsideration Determinations, MA organization’s justifications within its request for hearing and arguments within the parties’ briefs and the enrollee’s medical record for the audited CMS-HCC. Provide a written analysis for each appealed HCC, regarding whether the disputed diagnosis is expressly documented in the appealed medical record.
 Draft a recommendation regarding whether the disputed CMS-HCC and its underlying diagnosis code is expressly contained within the medical record and document whether another diagnosis code that maps to the appealed CMS-HCC is contained within the medical record. The MR nurse shall fully explain the reasons for the findings contained within the recommendation. Utilize electronic health information imaging and inputs medical review decisions by electronic database module. Utilize internet and intranet sources for policy verification. Utilize Microsoft Office suite and other software templates as associated source input for claims review. Make clinical judgment decisions based on clinical experience when applicable. Ensuring departmental compliance with quality managements system and ISO requirements. Meeting quality and production standards. 
Qualifications:
 
REQUIREMENTS: 
Licensed Registered Nurse 
Bachelor's degree or a minimum of 7-12 years experience 
A minimum of 2 years of experience reviewing medical documentation in relationship to services billed. 
Ability to keep sensitive and confidential material private. 
Must have no adverse actions pending or taken against him/her by any State or Federal licensing board or program and must have no conflict of interest (COI). 
PREFERRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: . 
HCC coding or review experience preferred
 Medicare Advantage experience preferred
 CPC (Certified Professional Coder), CCS (Certified Coding Specialist), CCS-P (Certified Coding Specialist - Physician), or CCA (Certified Coding Associate) are preferred. 
Bilingual (Spanish) is a plus- Fluency in speaking, reading and understanding the Spanish language. NCI Information Systems Inc. 28 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Utilization Review Nurse jobs in Remote Jobs at NCI Information Systems in Remote Utilization Review Nurse salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from NCI Information Systems Inc. NCI Information Systems Inc. 404 reviews NCI is a leading provider of enterprise solutions and services to U.S. defense, intelligence, health care and civilian government agencie... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
