
 
 
 
 BEN's TubeBuddy: Customer Support & Community Representative - Los Angeles, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search BEN's TubeBuddy: Customer Support & Community Representative BEN Group, Inc Los Angeles, CA Who YOU Are 
Do you genuinely enjoy working with customers to resolve their issues? Are you a natural problem solver with deep empathy and excellent communication skills? Do you find satisfaction in helping customers understand how to use software tools and services? Do you embrace tough challenges and focus on building long-term customer relationships? If you want to work with a highly talented, diverse, and motivated team with great camaraderie, this could be your dream job. 
TubeBuddy empowers a diverse community of creators to achieve their YouTube dreams. As a Customer Support & Community Representative, you will be instrumental in helping to keep our customers happy and build a thriving TubeBuddy community! We are looking for a self-starter with a friendly attitude and patience for dealing with customer support issues. 
Who WE Are 
BEN Group, Inc. connects global brands to consumers through the power of popular entertainment. From the world-leading product integration platform, to the global leader for rights clearances and representation (Greenlight), to the best in class Influencer channel optimization solutions (TubeBuddy), BEN Group helps elevate projects, amplify brands, and captivate audiences. Our team is global, with offices in Los Angeles (headquarters), New York, London, Shanghai, and Provo. 
At BEN, we recognize that our employees are the key to the company’s success and work hard to maintain our incredible company culture. While BEN is a well-established organization and a recognized industry leader with a rich history of integration and licensing success stories, we have not abandoned our start-up mentality. BEN continually evolves branding strategies through artificial intelligence and predictive modeling to meet the unique needs of our clients. To that end, BEN is results-oriented, client-centric, and highly creative organization which offers candidates the opportunity to learn from the best and the brightest in this dynamic industry. BEN offers a competitive benefits package and promotes an environment which supports our core values of Passion, Accountability, Teamwork, Empowerment and Inclusion. 
 Responsibilities 
Resolve customer issues via our customer support ticketing system 
Work with customers through email, phone, forums, and potentially live chat 
Provide community moderation through Discord, forums, and YouTube 
Respond to customer inquiries in a timely and professional manner 
Follow up with customers to ensure their issues are resolved and they are happy with the level of support provided 
Proactively provide customer feedback to product, marketing, and dev teams 
Maintain support documentation and help articles 
Weekend support will be a requirement for the position 
 Skills and Qualifications 
Experience as a Customer Support Representative or similar role 
Experience using help desk software and ticketing systems, such as Freshdesk 
Strong communication skills 
Friendly and personable attitude 
An understanding of YouTube, its creators and the creator communities (strong advantage) 
Technical comprehension required 
Comfortable working with customers through email, phone, and live chat 
Good at Mario Kart (optional) 
Most importantly - An inquisitive mind, someone who enjoys learning and having success as a team BEN Group, Inc 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Support Representative jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at BEN Group in Los Angeles, CA Customer Support Representative salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from BEN Group, Inc Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
