
 
 
 
 Hackathon Program Manager, NALA - California - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Hackathon Program Manager, NALA NVIDIA 237 reviews California Remote NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description High Performance Computing (HPC) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) are key markets for NVIDIA. Researchers and scientists are actively embracing GPU programming to accelerate their research. To help them with onboarding to GPUs, in collaboration with national labs and universities, NVIDIA is leading a series of GPU hackathons and bootcamps. Hackathons are short—typically week long—intensive coding sessions where expert mentors team up with groups of researchers to guide through acceleration or optimizing of their codes on GPUs using a number of programming models and tools.
 With the fast growing demand for starting on GPUs in the scientific community, NVIDIA is looking for a program manager to help scale GPU outreach efforts through hackathon events. In this position you will play a key role in coordinating, moderating, reporting, and overall help building a community of GPU professionals around the world. If you have a passion for connecting people, are well organized, diligent, and like learning new things, we can't wait to talk with you!
 What you’ll be doing:
 Driving execution of online and in person hackathon and community events in the NALA region organized together with supercomputing centers, universities, corporations, as well as NVIDIA internal events. Working directly with hackathon hosts to guide them through the event planning process. Responsible for facilitating application, registration, notification processes for each event. Helping at the events to moderate, manage online tools or drive logistics for in person events when needed. Responsible for data collection, management, reporting of the events. Maintaining and supporting gpuhackathons.org website to ensure relevant content is published and new features are introduced on time. Designing and executing Salesforce data integration for our events. Introducing optimization of existing processes to continue growing efficiency of event management.
 What we need to see:
 Bachelor’s or Master’s degree (or equivalent experience) Business major preferred.
 6+ years of experience
 Passionate about data and project management.
 Ability to work in a constantly evolving environment with multiple events in a variety of time zones happening at the same time.
 Experience in event management.
 Ability to mitigate conflicts, tackle problems under tight deadlines.
 Proficient in XLS automation and familiar with HTML.
 Excellent verbal, written communication, and interpersonal skills.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 MBA degree.
 Background with Salesforce.
 Experience in facilitating group training events.
 Experience with C/C++, Fortran, Python or other programming languages.
 Fast learner interested in taking the program to the next level.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Program Manager jobs in California Jobs at NVIDIA in California Program Manager salaries in California Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
