
 
 
 
 Project Manager (Remote - U.S.) - Boston, MA 02108 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Project Manager (Remote - U.S.) Interactions 166 reviews Boston, MA 02108 Remote Interactions 166 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who is Interactions?
 
Interactions, LLC is the world’s largest independent AI company. We operate at the intersection of customer experience and AI – two of today’s most innovative and dynamic industries. Since 2004, we’ve helped leading companies like MetLife, Citi, Shutterfly , and LifeLock have millions of successful conversations, resulting in saving operational cost and increasing productivity.
 
Interactions’ 5-year vision is to accelerate a transition from today’s frustrating and uninspired customer service experiences into amazing conversational engagements! Allowing customers to communicate in their own words and on their channel of choice, to accomplish tasks, all without having to go through an agent. In doing this via our conversational AI engine, our customers benefit from dramatically improved customer experience and increased customer engagement, while also saving significant and demonstrable operational expenses.
 Job Description
 
As a member of the Corporate team, you will be a part of the backbone of a company that builds and brings to market artificial intelligence technologies, including natural language processing and cognitive computing. You will build best practices that will serve internal (and sometimes external) customers and business partners.
 
The Project Manager position will be responsible for the overall planning, coordination, execution, completion and evaluation of specific projects ensuring consistency with company strategy, commitments and goals.
 
Deliver projects on time and within scope and budget.
 
Plan project schedule including timelines and milestones using appropriate tools.
 
Identify and manage project dependencies and critical paths.
 
Track project milestones and deliverables.
 
Develop full-scale project plans and associated communications documents.
 
Direct and manage project development from beginning to end.
 
Define project scope, goals and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders.
 
Work with technical SMEs to define and document technical requirements for the project.
 
Build, develop and grow any business relationships vital to the success of the project.
 
Analyze problems and help design appropriate solutions or alternatives.
 
Estimate the resources and participants needed to achieve project goals.
 
Delegate tasks and responsibilities to appropriate personnel.
 
Develop and deliver progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation and presentations.
 
Proactively manage changes in project scope, identify potential risks and devise contingency and mitigation plans.
 
Define project success criteria and disseminate them to involved parties throughout project life cycle.
 
 Requirements: 
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent relevant work experience.
 
Minimum of five years of technical/complex project management experience.
 
Experience in project management methodology and tools.
 
Proven track record of successful project management. (Technical project management required)
 
Excellent problem solving, analytical and time management skills.
 
Excellent interpersonal and organization skills.
 
Why Work at Interactions?
 
We've created a culture of people who are dedicated to helping each other and the company succeed. We take time to celebrate wins and recognize accomplishments. Whether it’s a seasonal event or friendly competition, we’re always thinking of new ways to have fun.
 
Our team's health and well-being is important to us. In addition to a full suite of benefits, we offer 5 weeks of time off with pay, 401k matching, paid parental leave and flexible work schedules. We are all committed to the company’s success by being valued shareowners and are incentivized through individual performance and company results. Come join us!
 
Interactions is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, and gender identity), national origin, marital status, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Interactions LLC 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Project Manager jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Interactions in Boston, MA Project Manager salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Interactions Interactions 166 reviews Interactions, a primarily virtual company, is the world’s largest independent artificial intelligence company. We operate at the intersec... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
