
 
 
 
 Multiple Openings - Engineering Development Group - U.S. - Natick, MA 01760 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Multiple Openings - Engineering Development Group - U.S. MathWorks 118 reviews Natick, MA 01760 MathWorks 118 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Engineering Development Group (EDG) is a technical and leadership development program at MathWorks that builds strong leaders and innovators in the organization. 
 
Team members in the EDG program have the flexibility to identify and explore areas of interest while contributing to challenging work in a fun and collaborative environment. Areas of interest could include a variety of domains such as machine learning, artificial intelligence, autonomous systems, high performance computing, computer vision and much more. 
 
EDG team members receive extensive training, mentoring, and coaching that enables them to transition into teams of their choice at MathWorks. 
 Responsibilities 
 As a member of the Development organization, you will select the projects you work on and the teams you engage with depending on your interests, skills, and curiosity. More specifically, you will: 
 
 Explore and identify teams that match your professional interests. Contribute to high impact technical projects with teams across Development or Customer-facing Engineering organizations. 
 Tailor your program to focus on concentrations such as machine learning, automated driving, robotics, dynamics and controls, artificial intelligence, as well as multiple other domains to drive future innovation and creation at MathWorks. 
 Gain customer perspective and deep product knowledge by solving complex technical issues. Work directly with top engineers and scientists that are making an impact with our tools in the world. 
 Develop leadership skills through opportunities to show initiative, lead process improvements, and coach and mentor others. Benefit from extensive learning opportunities through training, mentorship and knowledge sharing forums. 
 Transition to MathWorks teams such as software development, program management, quality engineering, technical marketing, as well as other customer facing and technical areas to build a successful career. 
 Qualifications 
 Bachelors (for our Undergraduate program) or Masters/Ph.D. (for our Graduate program) in Engineering or Computer Science 
 Strong academic record 
 Excellent communication and time management skills 
 Strong programming skills 
 A good understanding of Object-oriented programming is required for CS majors 
 Experience with MATLAB is a plus, but not required MathWorks 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Natick, MA Jobs at MathWorks in Natick, MA Software Engineer salaries in Natick, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from MathWorks MathWorks 118 reviews COVID-19 Update: MathWorks continues to hire. During this challenging time we will conduct interviews and onboarding virtually while ensu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
