
 
 
 
 Response Center Analyst - Tier 1 (Remote) - Franklin, MA 02038 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Response Center Analyst - Tier 1 (Remote) Interactions 166 reviews Franklin, MA 02038 Remote Interactions 166 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who is Interactions?
 
Interactions, LLC is the world’s largest independent AI company. We operate at the intersection of customer experience and AI – two of today’s most innovative and dynamic industries. Since 2004, we’ve helped leading companies like MetLife, Citi , Shutterfly , and LifeLock have millions of successful conversations, resulting in saving operational cost and increasing productivity.
 
Interactions’ 5-year vision is to accelerate a transition from today’s frustrating and uninspired customer service experiences into amazing conversational engagements! Allowing customers to communicate in their own words and on their channel of choice, to accomplish tasks, all without having to go through an agent. In doing this via our conversational AI engine, our customers benefit from dramatically improved customer experience and increased customer engagement, while also saving significant and demonstrable operational expenses.
 Job Description
 As a member of one of our Technology teams, you will contribute to building solutions that use natural language processing, cognitive computing, and artificial intelligence applications or the frameworks and infrastructure that support them.
 This position is for Wednesday - Sunday 8 am-5 pm ET (Note that training will last ~4 weeks and will be Monday-Friday 8am-5pm ET before moving to the Saturday-Wednesday schedule)
 
 Job Description : 
Work directly with clients through phone, email, chat, and ticket management system to resolve incidents.
 
Monitor alerts from various service and infrastructure monitoring systems.
 
Respond to issues of all sizes, from major outages to minor alerts, conduct initial triage and resolve or reach out as needed.
 
Incident coordination, including sending alerts to other technical operations teams based on the size and scope of incidents.
 
Acquire and maintain knowledge of all components of the Interactions platform.
 
 Qualifications : 
 Required: 
High School Diploma.
 
1+ year experience in a NOC or technical support position.
 
Ability to triage multiple issues simultaneously and work well under pressure.
 
Ability to problem-solve.
 
Demonstrated ability to manage issues through completion, including engagement of appropriate internal or Client resources, and knowing when to seek help.
 
Excellent written and oral communication skills.
 
Ability to learn new technical concepts quickly.
 
Basic understanding of networking and telephony, virtualization, storage, monitoring, and Linux.
 
Must be dependable, self-motivated, and have the ability to work independently with minimal supervision.
 
Flexible working hours (weekends).
 
Must be able to obtain and maintain Public Trust Security Clearance (requires US Citizenship).
 
 Pluses: 
Technical degree / certifications
 
Why Work at Interactions?
 
We've created a culture of people who are dedicated to helping each other and the company succeed. We take time to celebrate wins and recognize accomplishments. Whether it’s a seasonal event or friendly competition, we’re always thinking of new ways to have fun.
 
Our team's health and well-being is important to us. In addition to a full suite of benefits, we offer 5 weeks of time off with pay, 401k matching, paid parental leave and flexible work schedules. We are all committed to the company’s success by being valued shareowners and are incentivized through individual performance and company results. Come join us!
 
Interactions is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, and gender identity), national origin, marital status, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Interactions LLC 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Tier 1 Agent jobs in Franklin, MA Jobs at Interactions in Franklin, MA Tier 1 Agent salaries in Franklin, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Interactions Interactions 166 reviews Interactions, a primarily virtual company, is the world’s largest independent artificial intelligence company. We operate at the intersec... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
