
 
 
 
 Software Engineer, Core, Compilers, Runtimes and Toolchains - Sunnyvale, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer, Core, Compilers, Runtimes and Toolchains Google 3,878 reviews Sunnyvale, CA Google 3,878 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 
 3 years of software development experience, or 1 year with an advanced degree. 
 Experience with software development using C/C++. 
 Experience working with two or more from the following: compilers, Unix/Linux environments, distributed/ parallel systems, information retrieval, NLP, networking, developing software systems, and/or security software development. 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Experience with low level programming. 
 Experience with X86/Assembly. 
 Experience with Clang. 
 Experience with LLVM. 
 Experience with compilers. 
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 As part of the Languages Core team you will be responsible for providing core features to the C++ toolchain, runtimes, and compilers for engineers across Google. You'll enable them to build, optimize and debug their code, which collectively covers over 80% of overall Google’s CPU runtime. 
 We strive to be an inclusive and welcoming organization. 
The Core team builds the technical foundation behind Google’s flagship products. We are owners and advocates for the underlying design elements, developer platforms, product components, and infrastructure at Google. These are the essential building blocks for excellent, safe, and coherent experiences for our users and drive the pace of innovation for every developer. We look across Google’s products to build central solutions, break down technical barriers and strengthen existing systems. As the Core team, we have a mandate and a unique opportunity to impact important technical decisions across the company. 
Responsibilities 
 Develop toolchain features and contribute to the maintenance of third party and OSS projects used to deliver Google’s C++ toolchains.
 Serve as an active participant in team roadmap definition, planning, and goal setting. 
 Collaborate with teams across Core Languages to improve LLVM and related technologies, including the production C++ toolchain, the C++ runtime libraries, and debugging/sanitizing tools.
 Help foster an inclusive culture.
 Identify problems that need to be solved through direct exchange with our customers. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Sunnyvale, CA Jobs at Google in Sunnyvale, CA Software Developer salaries in Sunnyvale, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,878 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
