
 
 
 
 Business Development Representative- Mandarin-Speaking - Atlanta, GA 30305 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Development Representative- Mandarin-Speaking N3 13 reviews Atlanta, GA 30305 N3 13 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Business Development Representative- Mandarin-Speaking 
 
Life is different at N3. We are driven by our passions and propelled by our quest to innovate, thrive and learn. We are the tastemakers of technology, transforming the way the world works and shaping the future of business. We work hard. We play hard. We make moves. Here, success is no accident. It’s ours to grow. 
 
N3, Part of Accenture, is a sales and marketing solutions firm dedicated to working with software and technology solutions providers. Our client base includes a range from small start-up companies to market leaders such as Microsoft, Cisco, Google, and more as well as their partner networks. N3 has sustained rapid growth since its founding in 2004. 
 
We are a performance-based organization that rewards creativity, hard work, and success. N3 is not your typical corporate environment. Our business casual atmosphere and fast-paced workday make N3 a unique place to work. 
 
As the premier sales + marketing firm, N3, part of Accenture, brings results and builds revenues for some of the world’s most well-known technology companies. Our teams engage business makers worldwide on investing in technology infrastructure by listening to how teams use business software, discovering decision makers’ wish lists and influencing customers’ solution selections. Join the believers, the achievers and the game changers of N3, part of Accenture! 
 
Essentials: 
 
 Engaging with customers in a  consultative  approach 
 Endless  curiosity  in digital product markets 
 Understanding that closing B2B deals starts with accurately  qualifying  the BANT (Budget, Authority, Need, Timeline) 
 Wisdom  to respect the importance of every phone call 
 Competence in  learning  and  discussing  Artificial Intelligence, Virtual Reality, Internet of Things, Software as a Service, Enterprise Resource Planning and Cloud-based solutions 
 Big picture thinking  fueling  perseverance  through follow up calls, leaving voice mails, coordinating appointments, presenting metrics 
 Integrity  of intel reported daily into CRM and of email correspondence sent on behalf of our clients 
 Coordinating  successful go-to-market services for business owners + client stakeholders 
 Bachelor’s degree required 
 Business proficiency in Mandarin and English required 
 Prior sales experience preferred. 
 
 Data Protection Requirement 
 
 Adhere to all N3 Data Protection policies, standards, and procedures per your role. Take required continuing education courses in Data Protection at N3 for your role. 
 
 Equal Employment Opportunity 
 
N3 recruits, hires, and promotes for all positions without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, handicap or veteran's status. All terms and conditions of employment such as compensation, benefits, work assignment, availability of facilities and privileges of employment are administered on the same basis of equality. 
 
 Back Share
 Apply Now N3 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Development Representative jobs in Atlanta, GA Business Development Representative salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from N3 13 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
