
 
 
 
 Social Media Specialist - Remote US - Columbus, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Social Media Specialist - Remote US Seamless.AI 9 reviews Columbus, OH Remote Seamless.AI 9 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Opportunity 
As a Social Media Specialist at Seamless, you will manage all of our social media platforms both for the company and CEO (LinkedIn, Instagram, Facebook, Path to President’s Club Facebook Group, Twitter). The Social Media Specialist will need to quickly develop subject matter expertise in our company objectives and be able to effectively skyrocket success through social media statistics. 
 Responsibilities 
Manage general content posting for all social platforms for both the company page and CEO (LinkedIn, Instagram, Facebook, Path to President’s Club Facebook Group, Twitter).
 Day to day management of social platforms will include but not limited to: organize connection requests by doing manual outreach, respond to direct messages and delegate messages accordingly, post/reshare posts, engage in real-time with all commenters, respond to DM’s in a timely manner, manage Facebook ad comments, and monitor trending industry topics to contribute our expertise.
 Capture company culture through content, and portray it through the company’s profile 
Engage with and cross-promote with social media influencers and nurture relationships. 
Work with the Social Media Manager to launch the brand ambassador campaign, encouraging employees to spread the word about Seamless on their own social pages.
 Monitor post likes/shares/comments and virality, monitor feedback, and help determine the effectiveness of each post through key metrics. 
 You should have the following skill set to apply:
 At least 1 year of social media management for a company (this can include internships/experience in college) 
MUST be able to provide statistics on how many followers you gained for a company during a specific time frame. 
Exceptional communication and organizational skills 
Must be passionate, positive, and willing to do whatever it takes.
 Seamless.AI has been delivering the world's best sales leads since 2015. Our product is the first real time, B2B search engine helping sales teams maximize revenue, increase sales, and easily acquire their total addressable market using artificial intelligence. We have been recognized as one of Ohio’s fastest growing companies and won 2020 Best Places to Work and LinkedIn’s Top 50 Tech Startups 2020. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Visa Sponsorship is not included in our hiring package. Applicants will need to be authorized to work in the U.S. Seamless.AI 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Social Media Specialist jobs in Columbus, OH Jobs at Seamless.AI in Columbus, OH Social Media Specialist salaries in Columbus, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Seamless.AI Seamless.AI 9 reviews Seamless.AI is an emerging tech startup that helps B2B companies research, prospect, connect and close new deals - faster and easier than... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
