
 
 
 
 Computer Scientist - NIH-funded research - Marina del Rey, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Computer Scientist - NIH-funded research USC 887 reviews Marina del Rey, CA USC 887 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. USC’s  Information Sciences Institute (ISI) , a unit of the university’s Viterbi School of Engineering, is a world leader in the research and development of advanced artificial intelligence, information processing, computing, cybersecurity, and communications technologies. ISI’s 400 faculty, professional staff and graduate students carry out extraordinary information sciences research at three distinct locations - Marina Del Rey, CA; Arlington, VA; and Waltham, MA. 
*This position is located in Marina del Rey, CA.* 
ISI’s Informatics Systems Research division seeks a Computer Scientist. 
Job Accountabilities: 
Applies computer science principles and concepts in planning, coordinating and executing research objectives. Contributes to state-of-the-art technology and theories. Solves a wide range of research problems. Creates or modifies methods and techniques for obtaining solutions. 
Research will explore the interactions of dense and symbolic representations for knowledge graph creation and for learning event sequence information from text. 
Write articles for publication. 
Interacts with peers. Makes presentations at conferences; participates in workshops and collaborates in specific areas of research. 
Preferred Experience/Qualifications: 
Experience creating and managing large-scale scientific data repositories 
Experience with large-scale NIH funded research consortium 
Experience with data management tools, databases and asset management platforms 
Knowledge and experience in managing human subject data 
The University of Southern California values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity in employment. 
 
Minimum Education: Master's degree, Combined experience/education as substitute for minimum education Minimum Experience: 3 years Minimum Field of Expertise: Knowledge of research processes and computer science. USC 3 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Computer Scientist jobs in Marina del Rey, CA Jobs at USC in Marina del Rey, CA Computer Scientist salaries in Marina del Rey, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from USC USC 887 reviews The University of Southern California (USC or SC) is a private not-for-profit and nonsectarian research university founded in 1880 with i... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
