
 
 
 
 Senior Deep Learning Scientist, Mapping & Localization - Autonomous Vehicles - Redmond, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Deep Learning Scientist, Mapping & Localization - Autonomous Vehicles NVIDIA 237 reviews Redmond, WA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are looking for a Deep Learning Scientist for our Autonomous Vehicles team to work on Mapping and Localization.
 Intelligent machines powered by Artificial Intelligence computers that can learn, reason and interact with people are no longer a science fiction. Today, a self-driving car powered by AI can meander through a country road at night and find its way. An AI-powered robot can learn motor skills through trial and error. The era of AI has begun. NVIDIA's GPUs run Deep Learning algorithms, simulating human intelligence, and acts as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Just as human imagination and intelligence are linked, computer graphics and AI come together in our architecture. This may explain why.
 NVIDIA GPUs are used broadly for Deep Learning, and NVIDIA is increasingly known as “the AI company”. Make your choice to join us today. We are training Deep Neural Networks for NVIDIA's Autonomous Vehicles effort, with the goal to enable autonomous driving as well as mapping. We are seeking Deep Learning/Machine Learning scientists & engineers who are passionate about solving problems in perception, prediction, planning and control for self-driving cars to achieve full autonomy. Are you interested in inventing human level AI for navigation in the unconstrained world under any conditions? If so, join us!
 What you'll be doing:
 Training state-of-the-art Deep Neural Networks for Mapping & Localization stack in AV
 Taking DNNs and algorithms from initial evaluation and experimentation all the way to shipping
 Defining and collecting training datasets
 Working with a variety of sensors: cameras, LIDAR, radar, GPS, odometry.
 Building training pipelines and real-time inference run-times (PyTorch, TensorFlow, TensorRT, Python, C++).
 Performing in-vehicle tests, collecting data and completing autonomous drive missions.
 What we need to see:
 MS or PhD in Computer Science, Applied Math, Robotics, or equivalent experience
 6+ years related industry experience
 Passionate about Artificial Intelligence for robotics and autonomous navigation
 Strive to learn new things and like solving hard problems
 Strong math knowledge
 Strong experience in Deep Learning / Machine Learning. You have a background in Computer vision and/or Planning/Control.
 Strong programming and debugging skills in C++ and/or Python.
 Good communication and analytical skills. Ability to work with multiple teams in a dynamic environment.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Previous experience building HD maps for autonomous vehicles
 Background in applying Deep Learning to 3D Computer Vision problems
 Experience with Unsupervised or Self-supervised Learning
 Involvement with architecture optimization, pruning, curriculum & multi-task training
 Experience fusing data from different sensor modalities (e.g. Images and LIDAR data) to enable information conflation, label propagation, cross training.
 Background in developing real-time LIDAR and/or Computer Vision systems
 Experience with GPGPU programming (CUDA or OpenCL).
 We believe that realizing self-driving cars will be a defining contribution of our generation. We have the funding and scale, but we need your help. NVIDIA offers highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us and, due to unprecedented growth, our world-class engineering teams are growing fast. If you're a creative and autonomous engineer with real passion for technology, we want to hear from you.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 #deeplearning NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Deep Learning Engineer jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at NVIDIA in Redmond, WA Deep Learning Engineer salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
