
 
 
 
 System Architect - Phoenix, AZ 85018 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search System Architect Intel 5,441 reviews Phoenix, AZ 85018 Intel 5,441 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
The Datacenter Platform Architecture team is looking for a self-motivated platform architect looking to influence our next generation Base Station and Edge platforms. 
As a platform architect your responsibilities will include: 
Evaluates, develops, specifies, and communicates platform specifications for Data Center Servers supporting Base Stations and Edge Servers. 
Impacts and influences the Datacenter Platform Group (DPG) product roadmap 
Provides a comprehensive view of solutions and supporting pre and post-silicon activities in multiple domains. 
Owns the platform architecture specifications. 
Collaborates with Workload and Algorithm teams to analyze next generation requirements and opportunities with our customers. 
Ensures performance and power is better vs. competition. 
Collaborates with the Hardware, Software, and Validation teams to ensure platform specifications are met. 
Qualifications 
Educational Requirements 
Master’s degree or higher in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science or related. 
Minimum Qualifications 
5+ years of experience in Board Design, System Debug, Power/Signal Integrity, and Thermal solutions. 
5+ years’ experience documenting platform architecture requirements and defining the Pre and Post power-on & Validation activities. 
2+ years networking protocols & communications ecosystem. 
Preferred Qualifications 
Experience with hardware/software performance and power optimization. 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Platforms Engineering and Architecture (DPEA) Group invents, designs & builds the world's most critical computing platforms which fuel Intel's most important business and solve the world's most fundamental problems. DPEA enables that data center which is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Other Locations 
 
US, Texas, Austin 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel 3 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in Phoenix, AZ Jobs at Intel in Phoenix, AZ Software Architect salaries in Phoenix, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,441 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
