
 
 
 
 Senior Software Engineer - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Engineer John Deere 3,518 reviews San Francisco, CA John Deere 3,518 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. There are over 7 billion people on this planet. And by 2050, there will be 2 billion more... many moving into urban centers at an unprecedented rate. Making sure there is enough food, fiber and infrastructure for our rapidly growing world is what we’re all about at John Deere. And it’s why we’re investing in our people and our technology like never before! Here the world’s brightest minds are tackling the world’s biggest challenges. If you believe one person can make the world a better place, we’ll put you to work. RIGHT NOW. 
Primary Location:  United States (US) - California - San Francisco, CA 
 Function:  Product Engineering 
 Title:  Senior Software Engineer - 69525 
Job Responsibilities 
As a Senior Software Engineer at ISG, you will join our team building a world class data platform for advanced analytics and artificial intelligence. This team will design, develop, and support our Precision Ag analytics platform - enabling the ingest, modeling, and efficient retrieval of data at petabyte scale. Our team builds production data products that utilize machine learning algorithms to enable intelligent, automated equipment and to improve farmer decision making. Join a team that is passionate about making a difference by applying cutting edge technology to solve some of the world's biggest problems. 
Write clean, well-tested code to enable ingest, storage, retrieval, and transformation of large scale geospatial data for analysis, research, and model development. Build and support production oriented high performance data pipelines that are efficient and reliable with robust monitoring. Contribute to the development of next-generation data structures and APIs that enable secure, performant, cost effective access to data for research and model development. Collaborate and communicate closely with data scientists and engineers to identify and build needed infrastructure, tools, and libraries to support machine learning algorithms. 
What Skills You Need 
5 or more years of software engineering experience 3 or more years of experience building and supporting mission critical, global, production-scale, cloud-based systems using Amazon Web Services (AWS) Demonstrated ability to architect and build large scale processing pipelines Experience implementing geospatial data structures, analysis systems, and visualizations Strong coding skills in Python and additional experience with C++, Java, and/or Scala Experience with infrastructure-as-code, automation, monitoring, and a DevOps mindset A solid foundation in computer science, particularly with algorithm development Strong analytic skills with high attention to detail and accuracy An ability to inform and influence others through your strong communication skills 
What Makes You Stand Out 
Expertise with geospatial, IoT, or high frequency unstructured data sets Sense of ownership, curiosity, and ability to function in a fast paced, collaborative team environment that is distributed across various time zones and locations Experience with Spark, Databricks, or AWS Sagemaker Experience working with GDAL or similar spatial libraries Experience with machine learning techniques or tools A strong track record of contributions to the open source community Advanced degree, Engineering or Computer Science preferred 
Education 
Bachelor's degree in Engineering or Computer Science 
What You'll Get 
At John Deere, you are empowered to create a career that will take you to where you want to go. Here, you'll enjoy the freedom to explore new projects, the support to think outside the box and the advanced tools and technology that foster innovation and achievement. We offer comprehensive relocation and reward packages to help you get started on your new career path. Click here to find out more about our Total Rewards Package. 
The information contained herein is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and qualifications required of individuals performing the job. The qualifications detailed in this job description are not considered the minimum requirements necessary to perform the job, but rather as guidelines. 
John Deere is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other things, race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability. John Deere 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at John Deere in San Francisco, CA Senior Software Engineer salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from John Deere John Deere 3,518 reviews Are you looking for a meaningful career? How does feeding the world sound? There are currently 7.6 billion people on this planet and by 2... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
