
 
 
 
 Director of IT - Centennial, CO 80111 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director of IT Credit Union of Colorado 44 reviews Centennial, CO 80111 Credit Union of Colorado 44 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $136,100 - $180,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description General Purpose of the Position 
 
The Information Technology (IT) department is responsible for delivering and supporting infrastructure (network/compute/storage/virtualization/cloud) services, end user services, enterprise applications, application development, building integrations, service delivery and leading the adoption of artificial intelligence/machine learning (AI/ML) strategies. The Director of IT must have a strong customer service orientation and continuous improvement mindset, be a proven decision maker showing quality judgement, and work seamlessly with their team, vendors and business partners. This role will be process oriented, strategic and be capable of handling multiple priorities concurrently in a fast-paced environment. The position will utilize a strong background in IT service, project and agile release management. 
Demonstrating the strong culture of collaboration with our business partners and stakeholders this role will architect and deliver meaningful solutions and services for the credit union. The individual hired for this role will work directly with leadership on the strategy and planning of projects, application implementation and support while applying a member focused, collaborative and consultative approach to delivering IT services. 
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  include the following. May perform other duties as requested or assigned. 
 Lead Application Services, Application Development, IT Infrastructure services, End User services and Service Delivery functions. Provide guidance to members of the team by communicating job expectations; planning, monitoring, and appraising job results; coaching, counseling, and mentoring employees; initiating, coordinating, and enforcing systems, policies, and procedures. 
Influence senior business and technology stakeholders across the credit union. 
Establish and maintain regular written and in-person communications with the organization’s executives, decision-makers, stakeholders, department heads, and end users regarding pertinent systems architecture opportunities and activities. 
Influences and provides escalation for Enterprise Application Services and Infrastructure & End User Services leaders. 
Explain highly technical solutions to non-technical staff, crisp clear communication and ability to explain solutions and how they provide value. 
Provide architectural guidance to the Service Delivery and Project teams. 
Seeks out and evangelizes Fintech partnerships that will help deliver on Credit Union strategic initiatives. 
Direct development of complex enviromental integrations, web services and application programable interfaces (APIs). 
Guide supporting IT functions including IT project management, capacity and demand management, and asset management. 
Thought leadership on the major shifts in the technology industry such as digital transformation. 
Responsible for the management and evaluation of 3rd parties/vendors to ensure strong relationships that provide partnerships and continuous growth. 
Develop extensive knowledge and drive internal awareness to the AI/ML applications and partner ecosystems 
Participate in data governance and management functions to guide credit union data management strategies. 
Manage costs, controls and spend in relation to budgeting enterprise applications, including cloud subscriptions and technical support, education and training. 
Monitors effectiveness of existing enterprise applications and infrastructure. Provides recommendations to leadership for improved operations, systems, and updated hardware. 
Ensures that all software and platforms are up to date on newest releases, updates and patches. 
Promotes and enables training opportunities and education for team. Conducts training sessions as appropriate. 
Participate in the creation of strategies and policies to meet overall business goals. 
Professionally represents the Credit Union in contacts with business and trade professionals. 
Timely communication and issue escalation ensuring appropriate and accurate visibility to all levels of stakeholders, including senior management team. Responsible for Incident and event reporting and dashboards. 
Adhere to all Federal and State laws and regulations applicable to the credit union, including the Bank Secrecy Act and OFAC. 
Responsible for compliance with the Fair and Accurate Credit Transaction Act (FACTA), the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) and the Anti Money Laundering Act, including monitoring for such illegal activity as it applies to this position. 
Requirements 
 
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:
 Bachelor’s degree (B.A.) from four-year college or university or four years related experience and/or training; or any combination of experience and/or training equivalent to bachelor’s degree in a related field.
 Minimum of eight (8) years of experience in an information technology environment, preferably in financial services.
 Minimum of four(4) years leading technical teams, guiding project implementations and delivering technology services. 
Exceptional customer/member service skills.
 Demonstrated Technical skills in complex, highly available, secure networks and infrastructure.
 Exemplary technical and business assessment skills to evaluate strategic value of technology systems, data solutions and work processes to serve members and employees. 
OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIES: 
Experience with the most current technologies and products used in the industry. 
Preferred Platforms include:
 Microsoft Platform, Productivity, Database and Cloud Solutions 
Hyper-Converged Infrastructure 
Understanding of networking, security and collaboration platforms 
Experience hosting applications and infrastructure in the cloud, on premises and in hybrid models 
IT service management, project and release management tool sets (ManageEngine, Jira, Workfront, ServiceNow, etc.) 
Microsoft Visio or diagraming experience 
ITIL Certification(s) 
Additional knowledge of the following a plus:
 IT Frameworks (ITIL, TOGAF, COBIT, ISO 20000) 
Process Improvement methodologies (Lean, 6 Sigma, Kaizen) 
Incident, Problem, Change, Project and Release Management 
Vendor Management/Procurement 
PHYSICAL DEMANDS :
 
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is typically required to sit for long periods. The employee continually is required to talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk, stoop and reach with hands and arms. The employee will occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision and the ability to adjust focus. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
 Core Competencies 
 
MEMBER FOCUSED
 Creates trust by building relationships and actively discovers the right solutions for Members and peers; understands that the credit union exists as a result of Member trust and loyalty in the organization and employees; is passionate and dedicated to meeting the expectations and requirements of internal and external Members. 
COOPERATION AND TEAMWORK
 Relates well to all kinds of people; builds appropriate rapport; works harmoniously with others; uses and understands diplomacy and tact; encourages collaboration; seeks opinions; is candid with peers; values working relationships. Readily puts in extra effort to accomplish important tasks. 
DECISION QUALITY
 Understands the member’s best interest is first; demonstrates decisions which are based on creating the best possible outcome for the member; makes decisions based on a mixture of analysis, wisdom, experience, and judgment; most recommendations and decisions turn out to be correct and accurate when judged over time; sought out by others for advice and solutions. 
PROBLEM SOLVING
 Uses rigorous logic and methods to solve difficult problems creating effective solutions; is resilient and will own the solution and the problem; can see hidden problems; is excellent at honest analysis; looks beyond the obvious and doesn’t stop at the first answers. 
ACTION ORIENTED
 Pushes self and others to achieve the best possible results for the Member, organization and employees; proactively seeks out opportunities; raises hand, rather than waits to be asked; not fearful of acting with a minimum of planning; understands that it’s OK to make a mistake (fail forward). 
ADAPTABLE
 Learns on the fly; is a relentless, versatile and an active learner; open to change; can learn new skills and knowledge; analyzes both successes and failures for opportunities to improve; understands that different situations and levels may call for different skills and approaches; works to deploy strengths; works on compensating for weaknesses and limits. 
INNOVATION 
A cultural mindset that supports new ideas, fosters experimentation and drives continuous improvement to deliver member value. Combines and brings forward ideas in unique ways to make connections between disparate ideas; willingness to explore different lines of thought and suggestions and try new ideas through experimentation, views situations from multiple perspectives; brainstorms multiple approaches/solutions to benefit members. Credit Union of Colorado 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Information Technology jobs in Centennial, CO Jobs at Credit Union of Colorado in Centennial, CO Director of Information Technology salaries in Centennial, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Credit Union of Colorado Credit Union of Colorado 44 reviews Trust is the greatest determinant of success for Credit Union of Colorado and its membership. We create trust by building relationships a... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
