
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence (AI) Evangelist, Tech Consulting Senior Manager - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence (AI) Evangelist, Tech Consulting Senior Manager Ernst & Young 7,833 reviews United States Ernst & Young 7,833 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. EY delivers unparalleled service in AI, big data, business intelligence, and digital analytics built on a blend of custom-developed methods related to customer analytics, data visualization, and optimization. We leverage best practices and a high degree of business acumen that has been compiled over years of experience to ensure the highest level of execution and satisfaction for our clients. At EY, our methods are not tied to any specific platforms but rather arrived at by analyzing business needs and making sure that the solutions delivered meet all client goals. 
 The opportunity 
 You will help our clients navigate the complex world of AI, data science, and analytics. We’ll look to you to provide our clients with a unique business perspective on how AI, data science, and analytics can transform and improve their entire organization – starting with key business issues they face. This is a high growth, high visibility area with plenty of opportunities to enhance your skillset and build your career. 
 Your key responsibilities 
 You’ll spend most of your time speaking to client leadership teams about Artificial Intelligence, it’s use cases, and it’s challenges. You will also be architecting solutions and managing client engagement teams, working with a wide variety of clients to deliver professional services, and managing business development activities on strategic and global priority accounts. 
 Skills and attributes for success 
 Staying abreast of current business, technology, and industry trends relevant to the client's business. 
 Cultivating and managing business development opportunities. Developing and maintaining long- term client relationships and networks. Ability to drive pursuit and sales process in a consulting environment. 
 Assisting in the strategy and implementation of Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Big Data, and modern Information Management; i.e. play not only a system integrator role, but also that of a strategic advisor for AI enabled transformation.
 Leading large-scale client engagements. Fostering relationships with client personnel at appropriate levels. Consistently delivering quality client services. Driving high-quality work products within expected timeframes and on budget.
 Monitoring progress, managing risk and ensuring key stakeholders are kept informed about progress and expected outcomes.
 Provides directional guidance and recommendations around data technology, data models, and data storage formats. 
 Managing expectations of client service delivery.
 Effectively managing and motivating client engagement teams with diverse skills and backgrounds. Providing constructive on- the- job feedback/coaching to team members.
 Fostering an innovative and inclusive team- oriented work environment. Playing an active role in counselling and mentoring junior consultants within the organization. 
 Effective in communicating with and convincing client executives (CXO/SVP/Snr. Director level) about our point of view (PoV) on a subject. 
 Ability to create thought leadership (whitepapers, presentations, etc.) on AI and related topics to socialize and reinforce EYs PoV in the market. 
 Ability to create and articulate business case (backed by financial metrics e.g. ROI) for solutions proposed, 
 To qualify for the role you must have 
 A bachelor's degree and approximately eight years of related work experience; or a master's degree and approximately five years of related work experience
 At least five years hands-on experience with AI, data science, big data, and data engineering 
 Extensive experience connecting to various data sources and structures: APIs, NoSQL, RDBMS, Hadoop, S3, Blob Storage, etc. 
 Deep understanding of statistical modeling as well as ETL, data ingestion/cleansing and engineering skills 
 Ability to set up data and experimental platforms 
 R or SAS, Python, Java/C# and Scala 
 SQL, Hive, Pig are required 
 Machine learning using k-NN, naive bayes, decision trees, SVM experience required
 Experience using data mining and statistical tools 
 Solid pattern recognition and predictive modelling skills 
 Recommendation engines, scoring systems, A/B testing 
 Must have worked with multiple tools/libraries such as Weka, NumPy, PyMongo, R, etc. 
 Thorough business understanding of data science application and ability to communicate with key decision-makers 
 Hands-on experience with various big data technologies in one or more ecosystems (Hadoop, AWS or Microsoft) 
 Communication is essential, must be able to listen and understand the question and develop and deliver clear insights. 
 Business development, pursuit, and sales experience in a consulting environment or equivalent. 
 Outstanding team player. 
 Independent and able to manage and prioritize workload. 
 Ability to quickly and positively adapt to change. 
 A valid driver’s license in the US; willingness and ability to travel to meet client needs. 
 
 Ideally, you’ll also have 
 Bachelor’s Degree or above in mathematics, information systems, statistics, computer science, or related disciplines
 Experience with Azure Data Factory and AzureML a plus 
 
 What we look for 
 We’re interested in passionate leaders with strong vision and a desire to stay on top of trends in the Data Science and Big Data industry. If you have a genuine passion for helping businesses achieve the full potential of their data, this role is for you. 
 What working at EY offers
 We offer a competitive compensation package where you’ll be rewarded based on your performance and recognized for the value you bring to our business. In addition, our Total Rewards package includes medical and dental coverage, both pension and 401(k) plans, 19 paid holidays, unlimited vacation, and a range of programs and benefits designed to support your physical, financial and social well-being. Plus, we offer:
 Opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career 
 A collaborative environment where everyone works together to create a better working world
 Excellent training and development prospects, both through established programs and on-the-job training
 About EY
 As a global leader in assurance, tax, strategy and transactions, and consulting services, we hire and develop the most passionate people in their field to help build a better working world. This starts with a culture that believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom to make things better. So that whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime.
 Join us in building a better working world. Apply now. 
 EY provides equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Ernst & Young 20 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Consulting Manager jobs in United States Jobs at Ernst & Young in United States Consulting Manager salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ernst & Young Ernst & Young 7,833 reviews Official EY Indeed Account. Join us as we ask #BetterQuestions and discuss topics that matter to you, the workplace, and the future of bu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
