
 
 
 
 Graphics Architect - New College Grad - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Graphics Architect - New College Grad NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The NVIDIA GPU Architecture group is looking for creative architects and software developers to join and lead our various architecture efforts. A key part of NVIDIA's strength is to innovate in the graphics and parallel computing fields, delivering the highest performance in the world for graphics processing. We are constantly looking for ways to improve our GPU architecture and maintain our leadership by developing new programming models, new architectures, and new infrastructure that is required to make this successful.
 What you'll be doing:
 In this position, you will be responsible for developing and improving various features in the GPU architecture that advance the state of the art in graphics features, performance, and efficiency. You would interact with other world-class architects and researchers to build simulators and infrastructure to design and validate these new features. Specifically, you will:
 Design and build new hardware features for future graphics architectures as well as create and elevate graphics algorithms.
 Invent and develop software for various hardware simulators and test infrastructures.
 Work in a dynamic team to document, design, develop tools to analyze and simulate, validate, and verify functional or performance models.
 Develop tests, test plans, and testing infrastructure for new graphics architectures.
 What we need to see:
 Pursuing a Masters Degree (or equivalent experience) in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related relevant field (CS, EE, Math). A PhD is a big plus.
 You are passionate about computer architecture and graphics.
 Strong programming abilities in: C / C++, Perl and Python preferred.
 Background in computer architecture, graphics algorithms, parallel processing, signal processing, ray tracing, and/or high-performance computing.
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. Our products are leading the way with groundbreaking developments in Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing and Visualization. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. Do you love the challenge of crafting the fastest and most feature-rich chips in their class? If so, we want to hear from you!
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Architect jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Architect salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
