
 
 
 
 Project Coordinator - Salt Lake City, UT - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Project Coordinator Security-on Demand Salt Lake City, UT Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Tracking ID : 85461-322906 
 Job Location : Salt Lake City, UT
 
Salt Lake City, UT, 
Provo, UT 
 Job Level : Any 
 Level of Education : BA/BS 
 Job Type : Full-Time/Regular 
 Date Updated : 05/18/2021 
 Years of Experience : 2+ 
 Starting Date : ASAP 
 Is working for a company on cutting-edge cyber security, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Big Data Analytics seem exciting to you? Do you want to work at a company where you can make a huge difference? If you are someone that wants to grow and learn new things, while helping to contribute to the development/enhancement of our provisioning and operations processes and broaden your expertise with information technology and cyber security project planning in a fast-paced environment, then you may be the perfect candidate! 
 You will be a key contributor as this is a customer-facing role that entails working with all levels of external customers and a variety of cross-functional internal team members. You will also have many opportunities to grow your knowledge and hone your technical skills as you work on projects that include the implementation of cutting-edge technology. The Project Coordinator role includes conducting Service Reviews and portal training with customers on SODs products and services. The Project Coordinator will act as a liaison between SOD and the client. You will be the voice of the customer to advocate on their behalf. 
 Security On-Demand (SOD) is the leading innovator in the industry for threat Management, Detection, and Response (MDR). Founded in 2001, Security On-Demand is an industry pioneer and recognized innovator within the managed security industry and has been recognized throughout the years for its industry thought leadership, services innovation, and technology leadership. Our company’s mission is to relentlessly protect our clients against cyber-security threats with trailblazing technology and a thriving team to achieve operational excellence, trusted partnerships, and exceptional service. 
 Experience and Skills 
 An excellent background for this role would include moderate expertise in the areas of: 
 Knowledge of network security, information technology, and information systems 
 Owning projects throughout their lifecycle from installation and planning to execution, monitor/control through closing 
 Identifying and managing risk to set proper expectations and retain/improve customer satisfaction 
 Reporting on project updates and progress 
 Translating your knowledge of security services and products as business solutions to your customers to meet their needs 
 Providing timely issue resolution on security-related issues such as logging, reporting, alerting, and notifications 
 Effective communication and negotiation skills 
 Improving processes and procedures while focusing on improving the customer experience 
 Job Benefits 
 We offer opportunities for promotion, training, and a long-term career path for highly motivated individuals. For our regular employees we offer the following benefits: 
 Medical insurance HMO, PPO, and HDHP with HSA 
 Dental insurance HMO and PPO 
 Vision 
 Employer-paid Life insurance & AD&D 
 401(K) with an employer match 
 Employee stock option program 
 Time to volunteer and do community service (post covid) 
 Employee referral bonus 
 Virtual social events sponsored by the company 
 Generous PTO package and more! 
 
 At Security On-Demand, we work hard and play hard. We believe in a work-life balance as well. Pre-COVID days, you would enjoy our monthly sponsored social events and service opportunities that develop camaraderie and teamwork. Activities and events ranged from volunteering at the local food bank, family bowling night, Escape Rooms, Holiday parties, office potlucks, San Diego Padres Games, and informal get-togethers. Now in COVID days, the company sponsors virtual events such as monthly birthday celebrations, St. Patrick's, Halloween, and our annual Holiday Party / White Elephant. 
 Visit our career page for more information on our comprehensive benefit offerings, including company ownership through Incentive Stock Options. https://www.securityondemand.com/start-a-career-with-sod/ 
 If this sounds like the perfect opportunity for you, tell us about some of the most significant accomplishments you’ve had along with a copy of your resume to Careers@securityondemand.com 
 
 Security On-Demand is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. 
 Due to the nature of the data we handle, a comprehensive background check is required for this position. 
 U. S. citizenship is required. Applicants selected may be subject to a security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to sensitive information. Security-on Demand 21 days ago original job Report job Project Coordinator jobs in Salt Lake City, UT Jobs at Security-on Demand in Salt Lake City, UT Project Coordinator salaries in Salt Lake City, UT Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
