
 
 
 
 Software Engineering - Director - North Carolina - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineering - Director FICO 165 reviews North Carolina FICO 165 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description FICO (NYSE: FICO)  is a leading global analytics software company, helping businesses in 90+ countries make better decisions. Join our world-class team today and fulfill your career potential!
 Job Summary
 Job Description
 The Opportunity
 “Come join our product development team to provide thought leadership and innovation. This role provides the opportunity to develop a deep understanding of our business, work closely with customers, sales, professional services, and product management to architect, design and develop a highly feature rich product.”  – VP, Software Engineering.
 What You’ll Contribute
 Manage a team working on designing and developing world-class enterprise-level applications.
 Contribute to product milestones by solving most complex problems, through understanding dependencies in both in platform and software product(s).
 Work closely with other local functional leaders (professional services, Information Technology, etc.) to drive collaboration.
 Partner with relevant stakeholders to attract talent, set goals, measure and reward performance.
 Leverage, synthesize and integrate work from team members. Provide technical advice, mentoring, and direction to team members.
 Communicate, coordinate, and collaborate with peers in the Product and Technology Organization to plan and implement resource plans effectively across team.
 Evaluate stability, compatibility, scalability, interoperability, and address performance of the software product.
 What We’re Seeking
 Bachelor’s/Master’s in Computer Science or related disciplines, or relevant experience in software product development.
 Strong experience in managing geographically distributed and high performing development teams and expertise in managing high performing teams.
 Experience with multiple software development methodologies and their tools.
 Demonstrated innovation within a software team.
 Demonstrated experience taking a driving role in building complex software product that have been successfully delivered to customers.
 Knowledge of best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, secure code coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations.
 Knowledge of database concepts and programming. Excellent oral and written communication and ability to articulate the design walkthrough with architects and discuss strategy/requirements with teams.
 Our Offer to You
 A culture and work environment strongly reflecting our core values: Act Like an Owner, Delight Our Customers and Earn the Respect of Others.
 The opportunity to make a difference by leveraging your unique strengths.
 Highly competitive compensation and rewards.
 Flexible work options, opportunities to give back to your community, social events with colleagues and a comprehensive benefits program inclusive of progressive parental leave.
 Why Make a Move to FICO?
 At FICO, you can develop your career with a leading organization in one of the fastest-growing fields in technology today – Big Data analytics. You’ll play a part in our commitment to help businesses use data to improve every choice they make, using advances in artificial intelligence, machine learning, predictive and prescriptive modeling, and much more.
 FICO makes a real difference in the way businesses operate worldwide:
 Credit Scoring — 150+ billion FICO Scores have been sold to date, making it the most used credit score in the world.
 Fraud Detection and Security — 2.6+ billion payment cards globally are protected by FICO fraud systems.
 Lending — 3/4 of US mortgages are approved using the FICO Score.
 Anti-Money Laundering — our solutions check more than half a billion transactions a day to prevent criminal schemes such as terrorist financing
 Global trends toward digital transformation have created tremendous demand for FICO’s solutions, placing us among the world’s top 100 software companies by revenue. We support many of the world’s largest banks, insurers, retailers, telecommunications providers and other firms reach a new level of success.
 Our success is dependent on really talented people – just like  you  – who thrive on the collaboration and innovation that’s nurtured by a diverse and inclusive environment. We’ll provide the support you need, while ensuring you have the freedom to develop your skills and grow your career. Join FICO and help change the way business thinks!
 Learn more about how you can fulfill your potential at www.fico.com/Careers
 FICO values the benefit that diversity and a culture of inclusion bring to our workplace. We are an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and we’re proud to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants without regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. FICO 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in North Carolina Jobs at FICO in North Carolina Software Developer salaries in North Carolina Company Info Follow Get job updates from FICO FICO 165 reviews At FICO, you can advance your career within one of the fastest-growing fields in technology today - analytics. With our industry leading ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
