
 
 
 
 AT Demand Planning Manager - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AT Demand Planning Manager Amazon.com Services LLC 70,361 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon.com Services LLC 70,361 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Supply Chain Management, Engineering or related field. 
 8+ years’ experience in Senior Supply Chain or Operations positions. 
 Working knowledge of SIOP and ERP/MRP Systems (Oracle/Demantra) or equivalent. 
 Experience in SIOP scenario planning and/or financial modeling. 
 Ability to work in a fast-paced, ambiguous environment while prioritizing and managing multiple responsibilities. 
 Proven leadership skills with written and verbal communication skills to work internally and externally at all levels of management and with peers. 
 Excellent Microsoft Office skills, including strong working knowledge of Excel. 
 
Are you inspired by invention? Is problem solving through teamwork in your DNA? We apply advances in robotics and software to solve real-world problems that delight our customers' experiences in ways we can't even imagine yet.
 Our diverse team of engineers come from all over the world to design, test and build our dynamic fleet of robots and mechatronic systems. Having our offices, labs, test floors and factories all co-located means that we can design the hardware, write the code, test, build and watch it all come to life. This allows us to innovate quickly and on limitless ideas. Current advancements are underway in autonomous movement and mobility, artificial intelligence and machine learning, manipulation, simulation, robotic management software, predictive analytics, and much more.
 
Job Overview
 The Ops Robotics Supply Chain team is seeking a Demand Planning Manger to develop, manage, and maintain a comprehensive Sales, Inventory, and Operations Planning (SIOP) process to support the Advanced Technology group. The Ops Robotics Supply Chain Team manages a large portfolio of OEM and contract manufactured product and is responsible for supporting a wide variety of global project initiatives that cross business teams and operations groups within Amazon. This role will work closely with Ops Robotics program leadership teams and stakeholders to develop performance metrics, drive best practices, and lead process and tool improvements that align with the strategic priorities of the team.
 
Primary Responsibilities
 
 Actively support and foster a culture of inclusion. 
 Lead an integrated monthly SIOP process for Advanced Technology and other key stakeholders that contextualizes changes in the demand plan and identifies and proposes solutions for upcoming supply chain risks. 
 Collaborate with cross functional teams within Amazon and Ops Robotics to understand demand forecast drivers, including the implementation of new automated technology programs. 
 Provide input to developing demand planning strategies on existing products, new products and product phase-outs. 
 Analyze, communicate, and monitor the impacts of changes to the demand plan with Supply Chain team partners, including Deployment, Category Management, and Purchasing. 
 Support monthly inventory forecasting and reporting. 
 Track and report performance metrics and KPIs, ensuring master data is accurate and maintained. 
 Develop and maintain standard operating procedures for demand planning processes and systems. Provide recommendations for operational improvements. 
 MBA and/or Advanced Degree. 
 Experience working with Tableau analytics. 
 New Product Introduction (NPI) experience. 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Demand Manager jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Seattle, WA Demand Manager salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,361 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
