
 
 
 
 Senior Technical Program Manager, Packaging - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Technical Program Manager, Packaging NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers, NVIDIA is an industry leader with groundbreaking developments in High-Performance Computing, Artificial Intelligence and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens up new universes to explore, enables amazing creativity and discovery and powers what were once science fiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars.
 We are now looking for a Senior Program Manager to join the Advanced Technology Group (ATG).
 What you'll be doing:
 Responsible for managing timeline, material inventory and progress of Technology test vehicles as well as production early-phases and bring-ups.
 Responsible for Manufacturing Data collection, Data verification and Data Analysis.
 Work closely with off shore fabs, assembly houses and substrate partners.
 Collaborate with multi-functional teams with in Nvidia for successful qualification and production ramp of new products.
 What we need to see:
 BS in Materials Science, Mechanical Engineering, Data Analytics or related fields or equivalent experience.
 5+ Years in Program Management, NPI, Inventory Management, Silicon Packaging or Electronic Systems.
 Excellent communications and presentation skills.
 Forward-thinking, Hard-working, Dedicated, Creative and problem solving.
 NVIDIA offers highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us and, due to unprecedented growth, our world-class engineering teams are growing fast. If you're a creative and autonomous engineer with real passion for technology, we want to hear from you.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 25 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Program Manager jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Technical Program Manager salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
