
 
 
 
 Research Programmer I - Artificial Intelligence - Marina del Rey, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Programmer I - Artificial Intelligence USC 887 reviews Marina del Rey, CA USC 887 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. USC’s  Information Sciences Institute (ISI) , a unit of the university’s Viterbi School of Engineering, is a world leader in the research and development of advanced artificial intelligence, information processing, computing, cybersecurity, and communications technologies. ISI’s 400 faculty, professional staff and graduate students carry out extraordinary information sciences research at three distinct locations - Marina Del Rey, CA; Arlington, VA; and Waltham, MA. 
*This position is located in Marina del Rey, CA.* 
Information Sciences Institute (ISI) seeks a Research Programmer I for their Artificial Intelligence Division. 
This is a one-year, fixed-term position. 
JOB ACCOUNTABILITIES: 
Develops and/or adapts computer systems which are complex and very large in scope. Interfaces with researchers to identify and determine requirements. Conducts detailed systems analysis to define system scope and objectives and implementation approach. Utilizes creativity and innovation to solve conceptual programming problems raised by cutting edge research 
Participates in research projects. Contributes to research designs, develops prototype implementations, and participates in the preparation of papers describing the research. 
Designs, codes, tests, debugs, installs, documents and maintains complex programs. 
Assists with developing system definition and architecture. Proposes and evaluates alternative approaches. Prepares general and/or detailed specifications for complex programming systems. 
Develops test data, revisions and routines required for program check-out and revision. Ensures procedures are thoroughly tested before release. Writes reports of test results. Detects, defines and debugs programs whenever problems arise. 
Prepares system and programming documentation for users and other programmers in accordance with internal and external standards. Trains users and programmers as required. 
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 
Master’s degree in computer science or closely related field 
Experience with processing multilingual text data and training neural machine translation systems 
Experience developing with Tensorflow, Pytorch, Keras 
The University of Southern California values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity in employment. 
Minimum Education: Master's degree, Combined work experience and education as equivalent Minimum Experience: 1 year Minimum Field of Expertise: Demonstrated creativity and innovation in solving conceptual programming problems. Competent to work independently on complex programming. USC 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Programmer jobs in Marina del Rey, CA Jobs at USC in Marina del Rey, CA Programmer salaries in Marina del Rey, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from USC USC 887 reviews The University of Southern California (USC or SC) is a private not-for-profit and nonsectarian research university founded in 1880 with i... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
