
 
 
 
 Worldwide Life Sciences Business Development - Cambridge, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Worldwide Life Sciences Business Development Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,005 reviews Cambridge, MA Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,005 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 5+ years of experience in business development or experience in the life sciences industry. 
 
Do you have a passion for life sciences? Do you want to help transform the industry and the many pharmaceutical, biotech and medical device organizations that deliver breakthroughs to advance humanity? The life sciences industry is facing both challenges and opportunities. In order to support innovation, organizations must reduce costs, improve operational performance, and leverage existing and emerging technologies to transform. Do you share our belief that cloud computing can help life science companies advance drug discovery, clinical trials, manufacturing, supply chain, and commercial operations? If you do, this is the role for you. We’re looking for an individual who has deep industry experience, strong technical acumen, great communication skills, and the passion to help Amazon Web Services serve as a leader in the life sciences industry. AWS is looking for a Life Sciences Business Development Leader who understands the trends impacting the industry and will support successful engagements with life science customers. This Life Science Business Development Leader will leverage the broad range of AWS cloud computing services, offerings, and expertise to drive innovation across the globe.
 Your responsibilities will include engaging with life science companies around the world in order to create and strengthen executive level relationships and identify new business opportunities. This role serves as an industry specialist that supports the AWS sales teams worldwide, both virtually and (eventually) in-person. You will also work closely with AWS Solutions Architects to develop and promote cloud solutions for the industry, including high performance computing, artificial intelligence, machine learning, IoT, and partner-based offerings. You will work closely with the AWS product and services teams to help evolve AWS offerings in order to meet the changing needs of the industry. The individual in this role will also be a member of the Worldwide Healthcare & Life Sciences practice and will play a role in developing and delivering on the AWS global life science strategy.
 The ideal candidate will have both a business and/or consulting background, extensive experience working with life sciences customers, demonstrated experience interacting at the CxO/VP level, and have a good understanding of cloud technology. He/she should have a demonstrated ability to apply strategic and analytical thinking capabilities to solver complex business and technical challenges. This role requires the ability to work cross functionally in a matrixed environment to drive change and build consensus.
 
 
 Client experience and professional presence to have peer-to-peer engagements with C-suite executives. 
 Experience in Life Science organizations in strategic planning & execution or market expansion responsibilities is preferred 
 Experience working across highly matrixed large organizations 
 Strong leadership skills with proven verbal and written communications skills 
 Relevant technical knowledge is helpful, such as: database systems, IoT, core distributed computing concepts, fundamentals of cloud computing and virtualization, storage systems, advanced analytics (artificial intelligence and machine learning), etc. with ability to go deep enough on relevant technologies key to the industry. 
 Education - an MBA is desired; technical background with Computer Science or equivalent is also desired. 
 
This position is in Boston, MA.
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 
Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Development Manager jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Amazon Web Services in Cambridge, MA Business Development Manager salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,005 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
