
 
 
 
 Staff Software Engineer, Uber AI Platform - San Francisco, CA 94103 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Staff Software Engineer, Uber AI Platform Uber 2,923 reviews San Francisco, CA 94103 Uber 2,923 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. About the Role 
Uber is on the lookout for outstanding software engineers to join our UberAI Platform team. This role involves building and managing robust distributed systems, and solving infrastructure challenges to empower Uber's product engineering and data science teams with the latest technologies in Artificial Intelligence. 
The UberAI Platform team works on software and services that democratizes and empowers teams in Uber to use the technology. You will join a team of strong software and systems engineers, executing in a fast paced environment.
 Meet Michelangelo: Uber's Machine Learning Platform 
Scaling Machine Learning at Uber with Michelangelo 
Meet Horovod: Uber's Open Source Distributed Deep Learning Framework for TensorFlow 
Manifold: A Model-Agnostic Visual Debugging Tool for Machine Learning at Uber 
COTA: Improving Uber Customer Care with NLP & Machine Learning 
Elastic Deep Learning with Horovod on Ray 
What You'll Do: 
Design and deliver software and tools as part of our state-of-the-art Machine Learning platform. 
Systems architecture design, including management of upstream and downstream dependencies. 
Provide technical leadership, influence and partner with fellow engineers to architect, design and build infrastructure that can stand the test of scale and availability, while reducing operational overhead. 
Drive efficiencies in systems and processes through automation: capacity planning, configuration management, performance tuning, monitoring and root cause analysis. 
Participate in periodic on-call rotations and be available for critical issues. 
Collaborate with platform, product and security engineering teams, and enable successful use of infrastructure and foundational services. 
Basic Qualifications 
 BS or MS in Computer Science or a related technical field, or equivalent experience. 
7+ years of experience of systems software engineering.
 Proficient in one of the following programming languages: Java, Go, Python, C/C++. 
Preferred Qualifications 
 Expert understanding of computer architecture and CS fundamentals. 
Expert working knowledge of networking, Linux, Docker, databases, Hadoop, Hive, Spark. 
Experienced production user of Deep Learning frameworks such as Tensorflow, PyTorch, Keras, etc 
Experience in building and managing distributed systems and high-throughput services. 
Systematic problem solving approach and knowledge of algorithms, data structures and complexity analysis. 
Grit, drive and a strong feeling of ownership coupled with collaboration and leadership. 
Power-user Linux knowledge and willingness to explore Linux internals. 
Experience in managing dependencies in data science packages. 
Experience in high performance computing. 
About Uber 
At Uber, we ignite opportunity by setting the world in motion. We take on big problems to help drivers, riders, delivery partners, and eaters get moving in more than 10,000 cities around the world. 
We welcome people from all backgrounds who seek the opportunity to help build a future where everyone and everything can move independently. If you have the curiosity, passion, and collaborative spirit, work with us, and let's move the world forward, together. 
Uber is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing the form. Uber 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Staff Engineer jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Uber in San Francisco, CA Staff Engineer salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Uber Uber 2,923 reviews At Uber, we ignite opportunity by setting the world in motion. We take on big problems to help drivers, riders, delivery partners, and ea... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
