
 
 
 
 Manager, Customer Care - Illinois - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager, Customer Care iRhythm Technologies 55 reviews Illinois Remote iRhythm Technologies 55 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company About iRhythm: 
iRhythm is a leading digital healthcare company focused on the way cardiac arrhythmias are clinically diagnosed by combining our wearable bio sensing technology with powerful cloud-based data analytics and Artificial Intelligence capabilities. Our goal is to be the leading provider of ambulatory ECG monitoring for patients at risk for arrhythmias. iRhythm's continuous ambulatory monitoring has already put over 2 million patients and their doctors on a shorter path to what they both need – answer.
 
 About this role: 
iRhythm is currently seeking an experienced Manager of Customer Care.
 
The Customer Care Manager is responsible for providing high quality and efficient customer service to iRhythm's customers (accounts) and patients throughout the United States. The position is responsible for the daily management of a team of Customer Care Advocates leading the team to meet (and exceed) service level and quality objectives. Responsibilities include hiring and retaining talented people, setting daily agent schedules, SLA, quality and attendance adherence and reporting. This position will also spend significant effort organizationally motivating, recognizing and rewarding, coaching and training members of the team. They will act as an escalation point for accounts and patients that require managerial intervention. Additionally, the position is responsible for assisting the Vice President with employee development, quality, workforce management and enhancing workplace environment. Our work environment is fast-paced, with a collaborative atmosphere. Most of all, we are passionate about delivering innovations that improve the quality of health care and the patient experience. We are looking for like-minded individuals to join our team today!
 
 Specific job responsibilities include: 
Manage a team of 12-15 Customer Care Advocates (CCA) who are servicing calls from accounts, patients and internal business partners
 
Provide daily direction through coaching, one-on-ones and quality feedback to employees so that customer service calls are answered in a timely, efficient and knowledgeable manner
 
Provide continual evaluation of processes and procedures. Responsible for suggesting methods to streamline operations through improved processes and additional technology
 
Act as a point of escalation for callers who are seeking managerial decision making authority
 
Daily operations of the call center, including real time management of call center staff through work force management application, regular monitoring of work queues (inbound calls, device returns, email requests, outbound calls, etc.) and acting as level II assistance to the CCAs to assist with escalated issues and calls
 
Work to make iRhythm a great place to work through building workplace environment programs that build upon the health of the workplace to motivate employees to achieve their highest level
 
Performance management of CCA team
 
 About you: 
A minimum of 7 years of related work experience in a high volume call center environment with at least 3 years in a leadership position
 
Strong proficiency with tools commonly used in a call center environments including customer relationship management, workforce management, reporting and telephony based systems
 
Strong analytic skills with the ability to identify trends and present information in a succinct and actionable manner
 
Extensive technical problem solving experience with web-based and IOS platforms
 
Strong communication proficiency and skilled at offering both verbal and written feedback to agents
 
Strong leadership skills with the ability to guide teams through periods of high growth
 
Strong ability to multi-task and prioritize tasks in fast paced environment, real-time environment
 
Exceptionally collaborative, flexible and adaptive when working with customers and various teams within iRhythm
 
Bachelor's degree or relevant experience in healthcare field
 
 What's in it for you: 
This is a full-time position with competitive compensation package, excellent benefits including medical, dental, and vision insurance (all of which start on your first day), paid holidays, and PTO!
 
iRhythm also provides additional benefits including 401K (with company match), an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, paid parental leave, pet insurance discount, Cultural Committee/Charity events, and so much more!
 
 FLSA Status:  Exempt
 
As a part of our core values, we ensure a diverse and inclusive workforce. We welcome and celebrate people of all backgrounds, experiences, skills, and perspectives. iRhythm Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer (M/F/V/D). Pursuant to San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 
Make iRhythm your path forward.
 
#LI-SB1
 
#LI-Remote iRhythm Technologies 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Care Specialist jobs in Illinois Jobs at iRhythm Technologies in Illinois Customer Care Specialist salaries in Illinois Company Info Follow Get job updates from iRhythm Technologies iRhythm Technologies 55 reviews iRhythm is a digital healthcare company redefining the way cardiac arrhythmias are clinically diagnosed by combining our wearable biosens... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
