
 
 
 
 Senior Product Marketing Manager - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Product Marketing Manager NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are looking for a Senior Product Marketing Manager to lead GPU marketing for our data center business unit. Imagine being the person responsible for the launch of Ampere A100 or Volta V100 GPUs, two of the hottest chips in the AI and semiconductor industry!! If launching the world's next great technology product sounds like the PMM in you, we want to hear from you!
 Want to join a fun, creative company that is at the forefront of amazing technologies? NVIDIA is developing groundbreaking solutions in some of the world’s most exciting areas including artificial intelligence and high performance computing. Come grow your career to new heights with one of the fastest growing technology companies!
 What you’ll be doing:
 Lead Product marketing and go-to-market launches of NVIDIA’s industry leading data center GPUs, a billion-dollar business.
 Collaborate with internal partners across diverse teams to build web content and marketing assets for ongoing product promotion and demand generation in AI and high-performance computing applications.
 Engage with NVIDIA engineering teams to understand technical details and identify key value propositions for positioning and promotion.
 Evangelize and implement innovative approaches to marketing GPUs to internal and external audiences.
 What we need to see:
 BS/MS (or equivalent experience) in engineering or technically oriented field. MS preferred.
 10+ years of work experience, with 7 years working with technical product marketing or product management. Data center marketing preferred.
 Strong mix of technical and business skills- demonstrably comfortable in engaging with marketing, engineering and product management teams.
 Past success with working across major internal functional areas (engineering, marketing, customer teams).
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Background in and prior work experience in the data center or AI/high-performance computing space.
 Experience with deep learning, data science, and NVIDIA GPUs.
 Meaningful contributions to large technical product launches.
 Record of developing products in a technical role and transitioning into a successful product marketing role.
 Out-of-the-box thinking and an innovative/creative streak to marketing.
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative, autonomous and love a challenge, we want to hear from you.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Marketing Manager jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Product Marketing Manager salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
