
 
 
 
 Senior Research Scientist, Networking - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Research Scientist, Networking NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA Research is seeking extraordinary networking innovators to join our NVResearch team. In this role, you will contribute to the development of future high-performance and embedded computing systems. You will need a great background of research excellence in building systems and a deep understanding and broad perspective across the fields of computer architecture and communication systems for distributed computation. NVIDIA has pioneered programmable GPUs and the CUDA language, and this visionary Research team will take those technologies to the next level with its creative ideas and new inventions. This position offers you the opportunity to have a real impact while working with some of the most creative and forward-thinking people in the world who are here at this dynamic, technology-focused company.
 What you will be doing:
 This role requires the person to conduct creative and innovative research in networking and associated technologies. Positive impact to NVIDIA’s business is the key measure of success. This requires:
 Working with product teams and other financial sponsors to identify areas that could benefit from research
 Creating and inventing novel solutions to solve those problems
 Communicating those results internally through documentation and presentations
 Identifying patentable ideas and filing ISFs
 Publishing key research results to ensure NVIDIA maintains a right to use and contributes to the NVIDIA research brand.
 Much of NVIDIA’s networking research is funded by external sources (e.g. DOE, DoD). You are expected to work towards the contractual obligations, including the work areas, and assist in preparing deliverables such as reports and presentations. 
 
 What we need to see:
 Ph.D. in CE/CS/EE plus publications history and excellent accomplishments in research or equivalent experience. 2+ years of relevant postgrad research work.
 Strong background in computer architecture, networking, VLSI, circuits, parallel processing, high-performance computing, and/or mobile computing
 Demonstrated ability to innovate and implement
 Experience with experimental computer architecture development and evaluation
 Experience with C, C++, and scripting languages
 Deep understanding of technology and passionate about what you do
 Widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers, NVIDIA is an industry leader with groundbreaking developments in High-Performance Computing, Artificial Intelligence and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens up new universes to explore, enables amazing creativity and discovery and powers what were once science fiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars. NVIDIA is looking for great research talent to help us accelerate the next wave of computing - we are looking for people like you to join our journey!
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Research Scientist jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Senior Research Scientist salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
