
 
 
 
 Senior Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Engineer - Littleton, CO 80125 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Engineer LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,595 reviews Littleton, CO 80125 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,595 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company At the dawn of a new space age, Lockheed Martin is a pioneer, partner, innovator and builder. Our amazing people are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every single day we use our unique skills, talents and experiences to design and build solutions to some of the world's hardest engineering problems. Do you want to be part of a culture that inspires employees to envision the impossible, perform with excellence and build incredible products? We provide the resources, inspiration and focus. If you have the passion and courage to dream big, then we want to build a better tomorrow with you. 
 
We are searching for a Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Research Scientist to join our exceptional team. This position will be working across several Lockheed Martin Business Areas (BAs) to build and deploy AI/ML models into air, land, sea, AND Space! This position will provide a unique experience mix with research, prototype development, and software to hardware toolchain development all within the domain of AI/ML software and targeted hardware platforms. 
 
As an AI/ML Research Scientist, you will work with guidance from project leaders and technical leads to:
 
 Develop, integrate, and implement products to assist adding perception, motion/mission planning, controls, etc. functionality in LM products and platforms Translate requirements and apply requirements to development code, integrating autonomy, AI or machine learning algorithms to LM products and platforms Determine software methods to best acquire and execute knowledge Implement algorithms into software to aide in development of systems which can recognize patterns and perform specific functions Be responsible for various phases of developing and maintaining AI-based software from requirements generation, software design and development to integration, testing, troubleshooting and debugging, and implementation Review test outcomes, conducts troubleshooting, and works to debug issues Interface with other teams involved the development lifecycle for perception, mission and motion planning, simulation and modeling, testing, etc. 
We are looking for someone with a strong problem solving mindset: ability to develop create solutions to difficult problems often requiring integration of conflicting and, at times, ambiguous or incomplete data on a fast-paced schedule. You should have the demonstrated ability to effectively communicate complex design information, technical decision and issues to both highly technical and non-technical peers. We are also looking for the ability to build and maintain relationships, collaborate with others, engage in constructive conflict, and manage interpersonal dynamics. You should also be comfortable working in a fast paced and dynamic multi-disciplinary environment.
 
 
You would typically have a Bachelors degree and 2-5 years of professional experience or a Masters/PhD and 0-3 years.
 
 
To promote the sharing of ideas, Lockheed Martin fosters an inclusive work environment that encourages differences and big-picture thinking. 
 
Our employees play an active role in strengthening the quality of life where we live and work by volunteering more than 850,000 hours annually. Here are some of the benefits you can enjoy: 
 Medical Dental 401k Paid time off Work/life balance Career development Mentorship opportunities Rewards & recognition 
Learn more about Lockheed Martin’s competitive and comprehensive benefits package. 
 
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. 
 Basic Qualifications: 
 Experience with advanced AI/ML techniques, including traditional ML techniques and deep learning Experience with AI/ML domain programming languages (e.g. Python, C++, Java, GO, MatLab, etc.) Experience with development and operations procedures in closed spaces
 Aptitude with technologies such as Python, Docker, and/or Kubernetes Experience including continuous integration/continuous development (CI/CD) pipelines to build, test, and/or deploy Experience developing applications on Linux or similar Experience interfacing with databases (SQL, MongoDB, etc.) Familiarity with high-performance computing Active Top Secret clearance 
Desired Skills: 
 Active TS/SCI with poly Experience working in a defense environment from the customer side (e.g. DARPA, NGA, etc). PhD in the field of computer science or closely related discipline, with emphasis in AI and data analytics. Experience applying AI and data analytics to space-based sensing modalities. Experience developing and deploying predictive analytics solutions that rely on multiple data sources, e.g. EO, written or spoken word, SAR, etc. History of professional journal publications and conference presentations in the field of AI and data analytics. Prior experience with Lockheed Martin Space and knowledge of the ATC 
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 
job.Qualifications 
 
 Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. 
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about. 
 
As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. 
 EXPERIENCE LEVEL: 
Experienced Professional Lockheed Martin Corporation 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Littleton, CO Jobs at LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION in Littleton, CO Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Littleton, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,595 reviews The F-35, PAC-3, and the GOES weather satellite...

What do all of these technologies have in common, you might ask?

Talented people... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
