
 
 
 
 University Talent Manager - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search University Talent Manager Adobe 699 reviews San Jose, CA Adobe 699 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Our Company
 
 
Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.
 
 
We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours! 
 
 The Opportunity
 Craft the future of artificial intelligence at Adobe by building extraordinary teams of Machine Learning, AI, and Research talent who work on technologies that will transform Adobe’s extraordinary product offerings and user experience across the globe. You will have an opportunity to collaborate, deliver results, and earn the trust of leaders at all levels in Adobe Research, Cloud Tech teams.
 As a leader of our University Talent Selection team, you will lead a team of University Recruiters passionate about Research hiring. You'll conceptualize & execute innovative processes on candidate experience, build & sustain programs & relationships with top universities, and bring in operational efficiency through processes that help Talent Partners focus on supporting Adobe’s growth plans. Join us to help bring the world’s most remarkable Research talent, Artificial Intelligence, and Machine Learning talent to Adobe and help define what technical revolution means at Adobe.
 What you will do
 Lead University staffing/employment function and activities
 Own & Drive processes to deliver on awesome candidate experiences with customers broadly defined as candidates, new hires, hiring managers, and interviewers. Help us work towards our vision of creating the same type of experience we provide to our enterprise customers.
 Partner with fellow Talent Selection Managers to support and drive localization and delivery of Talent Selection programs including an Employee referral program,
 Implement new processes and refine existing processes in Talent Selection that fits within Adobe’s mission to deliver the highest quality results to customers.
 Develop and maintain long-term strategic relationships with key diversity partners, academic and administrative representatives, and student organizations to promote Adobe’s presence at each University.
 Think globally and develop forward-thinking University hiring strategies. Can successfully sell ideas to VP Org. Must be able to collaborate with all levels of senior management.
 Localization of our careers website along with a strategy to help teams across Adobe create their own footprint on the site while staying consistent with Adobe culture and leadership principles.
 Development of Social media as both a brand strategy and candidate generation tool by partnering with social media specialists to drive engagement strategies and metrics.
 Builds a culture of Innovation within the team; is not complacent and rives team to innovate and challenges the status quo.
 Possess strong analytical skills with the ability to build and develop measures for operational efficiency.
 Lead reporting concerning hiring trends, candidate feedback, etc. to senior management, as appropriate.
 Can optimally communicate, operate and influence across multiple geographies and cultures.
 What you will need
 Ability to build credibility with different levels of management up to VP-level to consult and influence.
 Ability to develop recommendations and implement solutions to promote ongoing improvements to Adobe’s Talent Selection efforts.
 Strong analytical skills and ability to work with metrics, numbers, and trends.
 10+ years of recruiting proven experience, min of 3+ years as a manager in the University space
 Highly organized, possessing excellent verbal and written communication skills.
 Prioritize, convey a sense of urgency, and an understanding of the value of providing outstanding service Adobe 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Training Manager jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Adobe in San Jose, CA Training Manager salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Adobe Adobe 699 reviews Adobe is the global leader in digital media and digital marketing solutions. Our creative, marketing and document solutions empower every... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
