
 
 
 
 SAP NS2 Cloud Software Early Talent - Virtual - Herndon, VA 20171 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SAP NS2 Cloud Software Early Talent - Virtual SAP 2,515 reviews Herndon, VA 20171 Remote SAP 2,515 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Requisition ID: 275125 
 Work Area:  Information Technology 
 Expected Travel:  0 - 10% 
 Career Status:  Professional 
 Employment Type:  Regular Full Time 
 Career Level:  T1 
 Hiring Manager:  Kathy Thompson 
Recruiter Name:  Kathy Thompson 
COMPANY DESCRIPTION 
SAP is the global market leader for business software and related services, and SAP National Security Services Inc.® (SAP NS2®) is an independent U.S. subsidiary, offering SAP solutions with specialized levels of security and support to meet the requirements of U.S. national security and critical infrastructure customers. 
 Must be a U.S. Person; NS2 does not offer Visa sponsorship for this role
 All internals must have manager's approval to transfer 
SAP NS2 is currently seeking early talent hires for 2021. Those with 0-3 years of professional experience (internships excluded) are welcome to apply. 
Skills Desired: 
OS: Linux, UNIX, Windows
 Java, and/or Python, and/or C++, and/or HTML, and/or JavaScript, and/or SQL
 Exposure to cloud technologies, hyperscalers (e.g., AWS, Azure, GCP)
 Exposure to Continuous Integration and/or Configuration Management tools (e.g., Ansible, Chef, Jenkins)
 Exposure to containerization technologies (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes, Nomad)
 Database experience (e.g., HANA, Oracle, Sybase, etc.)
 Understanding of networking concepts
 Understanding cyber security concepts
 Understanding of Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence concepts
 Experience using Git
 Microsoft Office Suite 
WHAT YOU GET FROM US
 Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own. A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now . 
SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT
 
To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. 
SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team (Americas: Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). 
Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. SAP 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at SAP in Herndon, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from SAP SAP 2,515 reviews As the market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) is at the center of today’s business and technology revolution. ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
