
 
 
 
 Workplace Investing Artificial Intelligence Participant Solutions Squad Lead - Smithfield, RI 02917 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Workplace Investing Artificial Intelligence Participant Solutions Squad Lead Fidelity Investments 3,944 reviews Smithfield, RI 02917 Fidelity Investments 3,944 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description: 
As a strategic problem solver and analytic product manager, you will develop a strategic perspective and plan for how Artificial Intelligence-driven personalization can transform the participant experience in workplace investing! 
The Expertise We’re Looking For 
Validated experience in leading the application of artificial intelligence (AI) to deliver quantifiable business results; five to ten successfully launched artificial intelligence/ML projects. 
Excellent planning, project management, consulting, leadership, and talent management skills. 
Strong verbal/written communication and presentation skills, including an ability to effectively connect with both business and technical teams. 
Significant experience with Agile methodologies, to include leadership of Agile teams. 
Experience in projects involving large scale-multi dimensional databases, sophisticated business infrastructure, and multi-functional teams. 
Knowledge of most of the following quantitative fields: Machine Learning, Advanced Statistical Analysis & Modeling, Deep Learning, Causal Inference & Program Evaluation, Reinforcement Learning, Behavioral Economics, Design of Experiments, Multi-Objective Optimization, Decision Theory, Bayesian Statistics, and Network Science. 
Strong data proficiency, exploratory data analysis, data visualization, and story telling skills 
Knowledge of well-designed experiments and statistical analysis concepts 
Knowledge of Big Data technologies such as Cloud Computing, GPU Computing, Hadoop, Spark, MapReduce or related Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) technologies 
Experience building and delivering sophisticated systems that leverage various machine learning algorithms or technologies that integrate well with other organization-wide systems and are able to scale optimally. 
Experience in customer journey mapping and application of AI in the journey a plus 
10+ years of relevant employment experience. 
Master’s in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, Information Technology, Computational Statistics, Operations Research, Machine Learning, or Business or related technical fields a plus. 
The Skills You Bring 
Collaborate with business partners, engineers, and software developers, bring together requirements and deliver complete AI/ML solutions. 
Set and deliver a multi-year strategy for redefining cross channel experiences through the use of AI. 
Lead the design, development, and launch of AI algorithms/solutions that improve revenue and participant satisfaction. 
Lead and run local and remote teams (scientists and technologists with diverse skillsets). 
Closely follow research and open source developments/publications and apply them within Fidelity’s context. 
Understand, at a deep level, business and product strategies, goals and objectives; set the AI roadmap to drive business goals. 
The Value You Deliver 
We work closely with business partners, size opportunities, work across squads on requirements, integration needs, measurement, and automation to deliver high value AI/ML solutions that drive customer and business value. We are passionate about developing talent in a collaborative and upbeat environment. Those of us who love to work with data to provide business solutions see this as the pinnacle of opportunities that you cannot find anywhere else in the industry. 
How Your Work Impacts the Organization 
The AI/Machine Learning subject area delivers an industry leading analytics platform that provides data-driven insights which enables businesses to achieve their objectives. The AI/Customer Experience squad is responsible for developing, deploying and leading a coordinated system of sophisticated mathematical models, data, and infrastructure to support analytic solutions that improve the customer experience, and enable intelligent product solutions. 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. 
Certifications: 
Company Overview 
 
At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. Find your Fidelity at fidelitycareers.com. 
Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. 
We believe that the most effective way to attract, develop and retain a diverse workforce is to build an enduring culture of inclusion and belonging. 
 
Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation, contact the HR Leave of Absence/Accommodation Team by sending an email to accommodations @fmr.com, or by calling  800-835-5099 , prompt 2, option 2. Fidelity Investments 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Squad Leader jobs in Smithfield, RI Jobs at Fidelity Investments in Smithfield, RI Squad Leader salaries in Smithfield, RI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments 3,944 reviews At Fidelity Investments, you'll discover challenges that excite you as you develop professionally and explore many career paths based on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
