
 
 
 
 Chief Information/Technology Officer - Collins, MS 39428 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Chief Information/Technology Officer Covington County Hospital 22 reviews Collins, MS 39428 Covington County Hospital 22 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Provides vision and leadership to the development, implementation and maintenance of the overall information systems and technology architecture of Covington County Hospital healthcare system and other entities within Covington’s management portfolio. Candidate should have expert knowledge in working within a healthcare system, the reporting structure, and IT needs throughout healthcare systems. 
 
Expectations and Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Design, configure and manage the server and network infrastructure, including severs, firewalls, switches, wireless networks, and various third party applications. Management of multiple EMR systems (CPSI, eClinical Works, American HealthTech, Cerner, Epower Doc, etc.). Knowledge in EMR is vital. Create and manage onsite and virtual helpdesk functionality as well as mentoring providers and staff with regards to technology within the system. Prior experience delivering high availability systems in a 274/7 environment across geographically dispersed business. Establish a culture of innovation and maximization of information systems. Leverage IT solutions to improve effectiveness and efficiency of operations, including data analytics capabilities and the deployment of innovative technology to support the mission and strategic goals. Understanding of national trends, best practices and emerging threats. Always has an eye out for innovative solution technology with a healthcare focus. Maximization of the patient/customer technology experience including but not limited to: website apps, patient portal, in-room Alexa functionality, artificial intelligence implementation, smart equipment management and implementation. 
 
Requirements: Entrepreneurial and innovative. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Health/Hospital Administration, Public Health, Business administration or related field. Master’s preferred. Minimum of 10 years experience with increasing responsibilities for management and support of healthcare information systems and information technology 
 
Additional Information 
Position Type: Full Time 
 
Contact Information 
Careers at Covington County Hospital 
Email: careers@covingtoncountyhospital.com 
Fax:  601-698-0191 Covington County Hospital 8 days ago Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Chief Technology Officer jobs in Collins, MS Jobs at Covington County Hospital in Collins, MS Chief Technology Officer salaries in Collins, MS Company Info Follow Get job updates from Covington County Hospital 22 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
