
 
 
 
 Analytics Software – Artificial Intelligence Engineer - San Jose, CA 95110 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Analytics Software – Artificial Intelligence Engineer FICO 165 reviews San Jose, CA 95110 FICO 165 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description FICO (NYSE: FICO)  is a leading global analytics software company, helping businesses in 90+ countries make better decisions. Join our world-class team today and fulfill your career potential!
 Job Summary
 Job Description
 The Opportunity
 The AI engineer will be a contributor to the FICO Decision Management Platform and FICO Analytic Cloud, and will embark on state-of-the-art, data-driven AI based systems as well as predictive models to solve business problems across financial services industry, particularly in the area of Originations and Customer Management.
 What You’ll Contribute
 Build and evaluate predictive and decision models to be deployed in production systems, or for research. This includes the analysis of large amounts of historical data, determining suitability for modeling, data clean-up and filtering, pattern identification and variable creation, selection of sampling criteria, generating performance definitions and variables, performing experiments with different types of algorithms and models, analyzing performance, to identify the best algorithms to employ.
 Design and develop AI systems
 Build software components and tools to support AI-based system development, and to enable integration and deployment of such systems into production software and solutions.
 Design and develop enterprise AI and cloud software using a variety of languages/platforms to support integration and deployment of analytics products and solutions.
 Develop infrastructure for AI and analytic software development, automated testing, and release management.
 May participate in post-implementation and system maintenance support.
 Manage projects and meet deadlines, work with other teams within FICO (software, IT, product management, and product support) provide high quality support to enable integration and deployment of analytics software and solutions. May participate in pre-sales support and provide post-implementation support.
 What We’re Seeking
 Education:  MS or PhD degree in computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering, physics, statistics, mathematics, operations research with specialization in Machine Learning.
 One year of research experience in applying machine learning techniques at large scale and adversarial techniques.
 Experience working with Big Data Technologies (ex. Spark) and applying machine learning techniques at large scale with these technologies.
 Ability to program in Python (full stack), Java/Scala for purposes of model development, API designs, etc.
 Prior experience preparing data for analysis, building predictive models on large scale platforms, and helping to drive innovation into the modeling process/offerings.
 Knowledge of working with visualization libraries for analytics (JavaScript is a plus)
 Our Offer to You
 A culture and work environment strongly reflecting our core values: Act like an Owner, Delight Our Customers and Earn the Respect of Others.
 The opportunity to make a difference by leveraging your unique strengths.
 Highly competitive compensation and rewards.
 Flexible work options, opportunities to give back to your community, social events with colleagues and a comprehensive benefits program inclusive of progressive parental leave.
 Why Make a Move to FICO?
 At FICO, you can develop your career with a leading organization in one of the fastest-growing fields in technology today – Big Data analytics. You’ll play a part in our commitment to help businesses use data to improve every choice they make, using advances in artificial intelligence, machine learning, predictive and prescriptive modeling, and much more.
 FICO makes a real difference in the way businesses operate worldwide:
 Credit Scoring — 150+ billion FICO Scores have been sold to date, making it the most used credit score in the world.
 Fraud Detection and Security — 2.6+ billion payment cards globally are protected by FICO fraud systems.
 Lending — 3/4 of US mortgages are approved using the FICO Score.
 Anti-Money Laundering — our solutions check more than half a billion transactions a day to prevent criminal schemes such as terrorist financing
 Global trends toward digital transformation have created tremendous demand for FICO’s solutions, placing us among the world’s top 100 software companies by revenue. We support many of the world’s largest banks, insurers, retailers, telecommunications providers and other firms reach a new level of success.
 Our success is dependent on really talented people – just like  you  – who thrive on the collaboration and innovation that’s nurtured by a diverse and inclusive environment. We’ll provide the support you need, while ensuring you have the freedom to develop your skills and grow your career. Join FICO and help change the way business thinks!
 Learn more about how you can fulfill your potential at www.fico.com/Careers
 FICO values the benefit that diversity and a culture of inclusion bring to our workplace. We are an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and we’re proud to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants without regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. FICO 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at FICO in San Jose, CA Software Developer salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from FICO FICO 165 reviews At FICO, you can advance your career within one of the fastest-growing fields in technology today - analytics. With our industry leading ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
