
 
 
 
 Engineering General Manager - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Engineering General Manager Microsoft 7,121 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,121 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Head of Engineering Systems and Compliance, Mixed Reality 
In Mixed Reality people, not technology, are at the center of everything we do. The experiences we are enabling moves beyond screens and pixels, creating a new reality aimed at bringing us closer together. To get there, we’re developing and incorporating groundbreaking technologies, from custom silicon to artificial intelligence to deliver the next generation of AR and VR experiences. The team delivers industry defining products like HoloLens, Altspace, Azure Mixed Reality services and Microsoft Mesh. 
Our team has people from a wide variety of backgrounds, identities, previous work histories, life experiences, and we are eager to maintain and grow that diversity. Our varied backgrounds and unique experiences enable us to be better at building the best solutions for our customers and make for dynamic and joyful collaborations with colleagues! 
If you are passionate about groundbreaking Mixed Reality products and want to work on a team dedicated to a culture of inclusion, growth mindset and collaboration, we need you!
 Responsibilities 
This role is for a technology focused leader within the Mixed Reality Strategy and Operations team. Our Mixed Reality product portfolio is broad spanning 1st Party and 3rd Party devices, cloud services and experiences. Our customers are equally diverse spanning consumers, majority of the fortune 500 companies and the public sector including defense customers. Our team is broadly geo distributed across Asia, Europe, North America, and Africa. Further we have fully embraced a hybrid model of work encouraging remote participation where possible and desired. 
To meet the needs of our broad portfolio, diverse customer footprint, and global team we are building a modern engineering system that enables developer productivity while ensuring the necessary compliance and security requirements are met. As the leader of engineering systems and compliance you will lead a cross functional team responsible for 
Building and running modern engineering system that ensures our global and hybrid workforce and collaboration partners are always productive 
Delivering world class infrastructure for internal development and program operations. 
Driving end-to-end operational security across all Mixed Reality programs 
Deliver and operationalize the Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) framework for Mixed Reality 
Qualifications 
10+ years of experience in systems engineering for the delivery of hardware and software products 
5+ years of experience as a general manager leading cross functional engineering teams of developers and program managers 
Familiarity with engineering systems, infrastructure, operational security and GRC 
Familiarity with Mixed Reality products and technologies 
BS or MS degree in Engineering 
#MixedReality 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: 
Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
This position requires access to export-controlled commodities, technical data, technology, software, and services governed by the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR). Due to contractual limitations and ITAR obligations associated with this role, U.S. citizenship, U.S. legal permanent resident status, or protected person status under 8 U.S.C. § 1324b(a)(3) is required. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 27 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job General Manager jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA General Manager salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,121 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
