
 
 
 
 Geodetic Earth Scientist - St. Louis, MO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Geodetic Earth Scientist US National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency St. Louis, MO Job details Salary $93,494 - $143,624 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 JOB DESCRIPTION: Geodetic Earth Scientists analyze the Earth's gravity and magnetic fields, geophysical structure, material properties, and dynamics for geospatial intelligence and DoD applications. They define and maintain the World Geodetic System (WGS), perform datum transformations between WGS 84 and local datums, and develop spatial and temporal models defining Earth systems. They provide in-depth technical e 
 
 Responsibilities 
 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: 1) This position is the Lead SPACE Scientist for Gravity and Magnetic Field Modeling. It is outer space mission focused. The geodetic principles are chiefly the same with application in a space Position, Navigation and Timing (PNT) environment. 
 
2) Geodetic Earth Scientists work in a group or team analyzing the Earth's gravity & magnetic fields, geophysical structure, material properties, & dynamics for geospatial intelligence. They're the DoD and IC focus for Geodesy & Geophysics issues. They develop spatial & temporal models defining Earth systems & demographics. They define & maintain the World Geodetic System (WGS) & its associated models to accurately position geospatial intelligence worldwide in a common reference system. They analyze weapon systems to determine the effects of geodetic quantities on navigation & targeting performance. They provide technical knowledge on Geodetic & Geophysical issues to internal & external customers & attend community forums as necessary
 
 
3) In support of NGA & USSPACECOM national security mission, the Office of Geomatics is seeking to hire a Band 04 Team Lead position. This position will assist in SPACE application, SPACE-based derivative requirements, and SPACE mission assurance. Proficiency in the following scientific areas & processes are required: astrodynamics, reference frame transformations, application & production of gravity & geomagnetic data, developing methodologies, procedures & production in support of SPACE navigation & operations, Earth & SPACE-based collection systems for WGS 84, & data / collection / mission assurance. This position is technical with the acumen to lead a group of geodetic scientists in support of the SPACE mission set. Contributions increase resiliency of national PNT infrastructure while increasing accuracies achievable in global navigation. It improves knowledge & tradecraft necessary to enable Space Situational Awareness, Indications & Warnings, SPACE traffic management in addition to Command & Control, and lastly, SPACE communications & navigation services for spatial requirements. Must understand orbit determination / propagation & the four-dimensional (4-D) SPACE environment of celestial bodies in relation to time / motion variables. This position serves as the Gravity and Magnetic Field modeling expert as it relates to SPACE who applies & produces necessary products in support of the WGS 84, both Earth & SPACE domains, & studies potential applications of geomatics tradecraft, methods & production in a SPACE-based environment. This position leads development & studies of potential courses of action. Ensures mission assurance in all phases of support to near term SPACE operations, & make resource recommendations for application of geomatics production in support of the SPACE mission set. Applicants must exhibit technical knowledge & have the ability to enable healthy partnerships & balance between the mission & employee development. He or she establishes & maintains open / ongoing dialogue with team members, assists with performance expectations for the employee's direct supervisor & establishes a team who upholds to NGA core values; Excellence, Accountability, Respect, Teamwork, Honesty. 
 
This position may be eligible for an INCENTIVE: selected candidates may be offered an incentive as part of the offer of employment, based on budget availability. To receive the incentive, selected candidates must be eligible under 5 CFR Part 575 upon issuance of the Final Offer Letter. Changes in federal employment status prior to issuance of the Final Offer Letter may affect eligibility. Incentive recipients sign a service agreement depending on the approved amount or duration of the incentive. If the employee leaves before the end of the service agreement, the employee may be required to repay a pro rata share amount of the incentive to the government. 
 
Candidates may receive an invitation to provide additional information or respond to questions via email and/or HireVue as part of the candidate evaluation process. 
 
Additional Application Requirement: You may be asked to complete one or more assessments in addition to the application you submit on this website as part of your application to NGA. These assessments may include but are not limited to:
 
1) Online questionnaires or assessments that require you to describe your job-related knowledge, skills(U) , abilities, or other characteristics that are aligned with the mandatory and desirable qualifications of this job posting. The information you provide in the application you submit must support the response you provide to this questionnaire.
 
You will receive an email to describe any additional assessments required. Please monitor your emails and complete any required assessments as soon as possible. 
 Travel Required 
 25% or less - Travel Required 25% or Less 
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 PB4
 Job family (Series) 
 1372 Geodesy
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 US Citizenship is required. 
 Designated or Random Drug Testing required. 
 Security Investigation 
 SPECIAL INFO: 
As a condition of employment at NGA, persons being considered for employment must meet NGA fitness for employment standards.
 
 
 U.S. Citizenship Required 
 Security Clearance (Top Secret/Sensitive Compartmented Information) 
 Polygraph Test Required 
 Position Subject to Drug Testing 
 Two Year Probationary Period 
 Direct Deposit Required 
SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS: 
You must be able to obtain and retain a Top Secret security clearance with access to Sensitive Compartmented Information. In addition, you are subject to a Counterintelligence Polygraph examination in order to maintain access to Top Secret information. All employees are subject to a periodic examination on a random basis in order to determine continued eligibility. Refusal to take the examination may result in denial of access to Top Secret information, SAP, and/or unescorted access to SCIFs. 
 
Employees with SCI access and who are under NGA cognizance are required to submit a Security Financial Disclosure Report, SF-714, on an annual basis in order to determine continued eligibility. Failure to comply may negatively impact continued access to Top Secret information, Information Systems, SAP, and/or unescorted access to SCIFs. 
NGA utilizes all processes and procedures of the Defense Civilian Intelligence Personnel System (DCIPS). Non-executive NGA employees are assigned to five distinct pay bands based on the type and scope of work performed. The employee's base salary is established within their assigned pay band based on their unique qualifications. A performance pay process is conducted each year to determine a potential base pay salary increase and/or bonus. An employee's annual performance evaluation is a key factor in the performance pay process. Employees on term or temporary appointments are not eligible to apply for internal assignment opportunity notices.
 
 
This position is a DCIPS position in the Excepted Service under 10 U.S.C. 1601. DoD Components with DCIPS positions apply Veterans' Preference to preference eligible candidates as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 USC, in accordance with the procedures provided in DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 2005, DCIPS Employment and Placement. If you are an external applicant claiming veterans' preference, as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 U.S.C., you must self-identify your eligibility in our ERecruit application. 
 Qualifications 
 MANDATORY QUALIFICATION CRITERIA: For this particular job, applicants must meet all competencies reflected under the Mandatory Qualification Criteria to include education (if required). Online resumes must demonstrate qualification by providing specific examples and associated results, in response to the announcement's mandatory criteria specified in this vacancy announcement:
 
 
1. Previous experience extracting and analyzing information from various sources and briefing the results to an audience. 
 
2. Documented experience of problem identification, analysis and resolution. 
 
3. Experience working in groups to develop solutions to problems and deliver those solutions to a customer. 
 
4. Demonstrated experience modeling scientific systems (Astrophysics, Astrodynamics, Physics, Geophysics, Geodesy, Geosciences, or Orbital Mechanics). 
 
5. Experience in Reference Frame Transformations and Coordinate Systems. 
 
EDUCATION REQUIREMENT: A. Education: Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in Geodesy, Mathematics, Physical Science, or a related discipline that includes at least 30 semester (45 quarter) hours of coursework in any combination of Astronomy, Cartography, Computer Science, Engineering Science, Geodesy, Geology, Geomatics, Geophysics, Mathematics, Meteorology, Orbital Mechanics, Photogrammetry, Physical Science, Physics, Remote Sensing, or Surveying. Coursework must include differential and integral calculus. -OR- B. Combination of Education and Experience: A minimum of 30 semester (45 quarter) hours of coursework in any area listed in option A, plus experience in conducting work related to Civil Engineering, Geodesy, Geophysics, Geotechnical Analysis, Geodetic Surveying, or a related field that demonstrates the ability to successfully perform the duties associated with this work. As a rule, every 30 semester (45 quarter) hours of coursework is equivalent to one year of experience. Candidates should show that their combination of education and experience totals 4 years. 
 
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENT: Near visual acuity of 20/60 or better with or without corrective lenses 
DESIRABLE QUALIFICATION CRITERIA: In addition to the mandatory qualifications, experience in the following is desired:
 
 
1. Having achieved an advanced degree (Masters or Masters and PhD) in one or more of the following areas: Geodesy, Mathematics, Physical Science, or a related discipline that includes at least 30 semester (45 quarter) hours of coursework in any combination of Applied Physics, Astronomy, Astrophysics, Astrodynamics, Engineering Science, Geodesy, Geodetic Astronomy, Geomatics, Geophysics, Mathematics, Orbital Mechanics, Physical Science, Physics, Remote Sensing, or Geodetic Surveying. Coursework would include differential equations and integral calculus. 
 
2. Customer service principles; organizational units' missions and functions; decision-making processes; DoD organizational structure, mission, goals, and priorities; experience and willingness to brief groups; performing scientific analysis; experience/knowledge of computer networking; knowledge of statistical analysis; performing scientific analysis; and demonstrated ability to learn new technology. 
 
3. Demonstrated knowledge of Computer system background in MS Windows office applications and UNIX scripting, MATLAB, experience with Artificial Intelligence application, Mathcad, Mathmatica, FORTRAN, C, C++ UML, STK, or Visual Basic. 
 Education 
 Additional information 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 Applicants are not required to submit a cover letter. The entire cover letter cannot exceed the specified limits provided in the Cover Letter field (3,000 characters). Pages exceeding this limit will not be considered. THE COVER LETTER IS RECOMMENDED BUT IS NOT REQUIRED FOR EMPLOYMENT CONSIDERATION WITH THE NATIONAL GEOSPATIAL-INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. 
APPLICANT EVALUATION PROCESS: Applicants will be evaluated for this job opportunity in three stages:
 
 
1) All applicants will be evaluated using the Mandatory Qualification Criteria,
 
2) Qualified applicants will then be evaluated by an expert or panel of experts using a combination of qualification criteria to determine the best-qualified candidates,
 
3) Best-qualified applicants may then be further evaluated through an interview process.
 
 
Military retiree applicants, if selected, may be impacted by the 180-day appointment restrictions of DODI 1402.01. HD personnel will provide additional information if applicable. 
 
Applicants are encouraged to carefully review the Assignment Description, Additional Information Provided By the Selecting Official, and the Qualification Requirements; and then construct their resumes to highlight their most relevant and significant experience and education for this job opportunity. This description should include examples that detail the level and complexity of the performed work. Applicants are encouraged to provide any education information referenced in the announcement. If education is listed as a mandatory requirement, only degrees obtained from an institution accredited by an accrediting organization recognized by the Secretary, US Department of Education will be accepted.
 
 
As a condition of employment at NGA, persons being considered for employment must meet NGA fitness for employment standards. 
 
In accordance with section 9902(h) of title 5, United States Code, annuitants reemployed in the Department of Defense shall receive full annuity and salary upon appointment. They shall not be eligible for retirement contributions, participation in the Thrift Savings Plan, or a supplemental or redetermined annuity for the reemployment period. Discontinued service retirement annuitants (i.e., retired under section 8336(d)(1) or 8414(b)(1)(A) of title 5, United States Code) appointed to the Department of Defense may elect to be subject to retirement provisions of the new appointment as appropriate. (See DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 300, at http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives.) 
 
All candidates will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, disability, or sexual orientation. 
 
NGA provides reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. Applications will only be accepted online. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify us at recruitment@nga.mil. The decision on granting reasonable accommodation will be on a case-by-case basis. 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Sensitive Compartmented Information
 Drug test required 
 Yes
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 None
 If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
 Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
 Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 Review our benefits 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 The public
 U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
 Clarification from the agency 
 External Applicants Only usajobs.gov 9 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in St. Louis, MO Jobs at US National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency in St. Louis, MO Scientist salaries in St. Louis, MO Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
