
 
 
 
 Global Manager, Design for Safety - Portland, OR - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Global Manager, Design for Safety Amazon.com Services LLC 70,361 reviews Portland, OR Amazon.com Services LLC 70,361 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Basic qualifications
 
 Bachelor’s Degree in Occupational Health and Safety, Engineering or related field of study or equivalent working experience 
 12+ years of occupational safety and health or equivalent experience 
 8+ years of experience in equipment safety, product development and regulatory compliance 
 3+ years of experience managing teams 
 Possess excellent written and verbal communication skills, including comfort interfacing with senior leaders 
 Working knowledge and experience with: NRTL, CE, and NFPA 70E 
 Experience reviewing equipment, including conveyance and machinery for proper guarding, interlocks, and safety features. 
 
For more than 14 years, Amazon Web Services (AWS) has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud computing platform. What is cloud computing? Cloud computing is the on-demand delivery of IT resources over the Internet. Instead of buying, owning, and maintaining physical data centers and servers, companies can access technology services, such as computing power, storage, and databases, on an as-needed basis from AWS. AWS offers over 175 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 77 Availability Zones (AZs) across 24 geographic regions. AWS services are trusted by millions of active customers around the world - including the fastest-growing start-ups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—to power their infrastructure, make them more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit https://aws.amazon.com.
 
The AWS EHS team is an expanding and dynamic team that is critical to enabling AWS’s growth around the world, as well as ensuring compliance of AWS’s global operations, including physical data centers, as well as other AWS facilities, customer-facing enterprises and products. The EHS team has responsibility for architecting and implementing AWS’s global environmental and safety programs. This includes defining and implementing risk management and compliance systems and driving their continuous improvement; setting and refining global policies and procedures; overseeing the development of standards, tools, auditing and metrics, and employee training; ensuring effective engagement by environmental and health & safety teams on global initiatives, including those that are part of Amazon’s ambitious sustainability goals; providing specialist expertise; and engaging with all AWS business units to provide scalable and effective environmental and health & safety compliance strategies that support current and future business objectives while ensuring employee safety and compliance with environmental and health & safety regulations.
 
We are searching for a Global Manager of the Design for Safety (DFS) team who will support the AWS Design Teams by providing technical leadership for electrical and mechanical safe work practices including the design, maintenance and operation of equipment and buildings. The Global Manager Design for Safety will work cross functionally to develop and manage programs that will standardize risk mitigations throughout various intervals of design and review of SOPs and equipment maintenance procedures throughout the life cycle of the equipment.
 
Responsibilities
 
 
 Lead a team that develops, implements, and coordinates design for safety (DFS) programs and tasks beginning with early engineering concepts to production introduction 
 Manage a coordinated global launch of DFS initiatives and programs including the initial communication and implementation 
 Set ambitious goals for DFS global implementation and lead monthly business reviews with senior leadership 
 Work closely with AWS Engineering teams to integrate DFS tasks into product lifecycle development tools 
 Provide a global approach for DFS program-level training and coaching to local operational staff to standardize competence across the globe 
 Define, implement and oversee global DFS-related performance metric reporting and communication 
 Understand Health and Safety regulatory requirements as well as global product safety design standards and be able to build compliance systems and programs around these requirements. 
 Closely coordinate with Data Center Health and Safety team and stakeholders’ teams (Global Trade and Product Compliance (GTPC), Product Compliance Legal (PC Legal), Health and Safety Legal (HS Legal), and Operations) to identify, evaluate and mitigate identified hazards within work processes and new equipment/products. 
 Independently provide technical guidance on equipment/product design and electrical safety related issues. 
 Provide advice to support business objectives with due consideration to safety by design, electrical code compliance, occupational health and safety regulations and industry best practices. 
 Strong knowledge of product safety and electrical theory 
 If necessary, follow up on significant incident investigations and complete internal and external (if necessary) incident investigation reports. 
 
Preferred qualifications
 
 
 Familiarity with international product safety, electrical safety codes and regulatory standards: including CUE, IEC, ISO 13849, IEC 62061, ANSI/RIA 15.06, NFPA 70E, UL 508A, IEC 60204 
 Experience leading change across multiple sites/locations and the ability to influence those that are not direct reports or within your organization. 
 Excellent organizational and project management skills. 
 Proficiency in reading and interpreting equipment and facility drawings and specifications. 
 Strong interpersonal skills: excellent communication skills, strong relationship builder, solid influencing and negotiation skills, and the ability to coach at multiple levels. 
 Experience in a fast paced, changing/growing organization. 
 Strong analytical skills with demonstrated problem solving ability across multiple jurisdictions. 
 Proficient with MS Excel, Word, and Windows Operating Systems. 
 Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role. 
 Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role. 
 Travel estimated at 10-15%. 
 Open to considering candidates in Seattle, WA or Portland, OR 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Global Project Manager jobs in Portland, OR Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Portland, OR Global Project Manager salaries in Portland, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,361 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
