
 
 
 
 R&D Engineer, Sr II - Hillsboro, OR 97124 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search R&D Engineer, Sr II Synopsys 261 reviews Hillsboro, OR 97124 Synopsys 261 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. 29915BR 
 USA - Oregon - Hillsboro
 Job Description and Requirements 
 Responsible for designing, developing, troubleshooting, or debugging software programs. Develops software tools including operating systems, compilers, routers, networks, utilities, databases and internet-related tools, etc. Establishes hardware compatibility and/or influences hardware design. 
 
Experience in programming software for operating systems, utilizing machine assembly and/or job control languages. Some knowledge of software capabilities. Designs algorithms and data structures. Experience on development of complex software projects. Familiarity with C/C++ coding, and a solid background in data structures and algorithms. Has proven desires to learn and explore new technologies and demonstrates good analysis and problem-solving skills. Prior knowledge and experience of CAD tool development are required. 
 
Requires at least of 5+ years of related experience. Possesses a full understanding of specialization area plus working knowledge of multiple related areas. Resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways on a regular basis. Customarily exercises impartial judgment in selecting methods and techniques to obtain solutions. Performs in project leadership role. Contributes to complex aspects of a project. Establishes and develops approach to solutions. Work is self-directed and collaborative in nature. Provides regular updates to manager on project status. Represents the organization on business unit and/or company-wide projects. Guides more junior peers with aspects of their job. Frequently networks with senior internal and external people in own area of expertise. 
 
Our Silicon Design & Verification business is all about building high-performance silicon chips—faster. We’re the world’s leading provider of solutions for designing and verifying advanced silicon chips. And we design the next-generation processes and models needed to manufacture those chips. We enable our customers to optimize chips for power, cost, and performance—eliminating months off their project schedules. 
At Synopsys, we’re at the heart of the innovations that change the way we work and play. Self-driving cars. Artificial Intelligence. The cloud. 5G. The Internet of Things. These breakthroughs are ushering in the Era of Smart Everything. And we’re powering it all with the world’s most advanced technologies for chip design and software security. If you share our passion for innovation, we want to meet you. 
Inclusion and Diversity are important to us. Synopsys considers all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, military veteran status, or disability. 
 Job Category 
 Engineering
 Country 
 United States
 Job Subcategory 
 R&D Engineering
 Hire Type 
 Employee Synopsys 19 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job R&D Engineer jobs in Hillsboro, OR Jobs at Synopsys in Hillsboro, OR R&D Engineer salaries in Hillsboro, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Synopsys Synopsys 261 reviews Synopsys technology is at the heart of innovations that are changing the way people work and play. Self-driving cars. Machines that learn... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
