
 
 
 
 Professional Visualization Business Development Manager - California - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Professional Visualization Business Development Manager NVIDIA 237 reviews California Remote NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA has been transforming computer graphics, PC gaming, and accelerated computing for more than 25 years. It’s a unique legacy of innovation that’s fueled by great technology—and amazing people. Today, we’re tapping into the unlimited potential of AI to define the next era of computing. An era in which our GPU acts as the brains of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can understand the world. Doing what’s never been done before takes vision, innovation, and the world’s best talent. As an NVIDIAN, you’ll be immersed in a diverse, supportive environment where everyone is inspired to do their best work. Come join the team and see how you can make a lasting impact on the world.
 We are now looking for a Professional Visualization Business Development Manager! The Professional Visualization Business Development Manager (ProViz BDM) will be responsible for driving customer demand for NVIDIAs professional visualization offerings including RTX, Virtual GPU Solutions, and related ecosystem products!
 What you'll be doing:
 You will work directly with end users, NVIDIA channel partners, and the extended sales team to achieve the Pro Visualization growth targets.
 This position will focus on the US Commercial Segment in the West, with an emphasis on the M&E, Healthcare, AEC and Manufacturing.
 Take ownership of the forecasting/demand generation for NVIDIA RTX/Virtual GPU Solutions, in designated accounts or area of responsibility.
 Work with the extended NVIDIA team to accelerate growth in Target accounts and Identify NVIDIA customer references that can be utilized when reference selling.
 Establish and develop NVIDIA relationship with key decision makers across various industries.
 What we need to see:
 Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience.
 6+ years of relevant sales experience focused on Workstation and/or VDI solutions including ISVs and channel partners.
 A deep understanding of Professional Visualization and the ability to position NVIDIA products as a platform rather than a component.
 Proven track record leading significant revenue responsibility and overachieving targets to meet stretch goals.
 Understanding a broad range of NVIDIA technologies and the dedication to adapt quickly to changes in the product portfolio or GTM strategy.
 A deep understanding of go-to-market strategies including account segmentation, products, marketing strategies, combined with a strong understanding of the sales process and Channel Sales.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 You should understand artificial intelligence and how it is shaping the future.
 Background with Deep Learning and Machine Learning will give you a leg up.
 Experience of building cross-functional internal teams to respond to customer requirements.
 Have a background in software & hardware sales related to the use of GPUs for visualization, HPC or DL/ML.
 Knowledge of ecosystem including key ISV partners and industry trends.
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're with a candid real passion for technology, we want to hear from you.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Development Manager jobs in California Jobs at NVIDIA in California Business Development Manager salaries in California Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
