
 
 
 
 Go-To-Market Strategist, NVIDIA Leadership Program - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Go-To-Market Strategist, NVIDIA Leadership Program NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA is the brains behind consumer gaming, professional visualization and artificial intelligence, with state of the art technologies revolutionizing multiple industries. From voice assistants to algorithmic trading, to the retail store of the future. To sell artificial intelligence to the Fortune 1000, articulating the NVIDIA business value is crucial. The Go To Market (GTM) team is looking for an experienced person who can team closely with sales, marketing, technical and business development executives in a dozen industries to help drive programs, frameworks and develop strategies that will succeed.
 Our department supports all NVIDIA enterprise industries embracing AI - from Autonomous Vehicles to Healthcare, Retail, AI Cities and Factories, to National AI, Fintech, Consumer Internet, Service Providers, and more. We do so by incubating innovative ways of driving efficiency in key business processes, conducting analytics and providing effective frameworks, and ensuring that we are executing our business and sales strategies in diverse industries. The successful candidate has already been working business and tech environment, such as a premier consulting firm, and is ready to join a technology innovator that is revolutionizing enterprise business with state-of-the-art AI platforms, software and hardware. You adapt and learn fast, and possess the IQ and EQ needed to partner with business development leaders, technical specialists and front line account managers. You have multiple skills, are comfortable engaging and advising executives, building outstanding frameworks, and lead projects as part of the WWFO GTM operations group. You are willing to roll up your sleeves. You work effectively in a dynamic and lean team in a very successful company with a startup attitude, working with everyone from admins right up to the head of sales and the CEO!
 What you’ll be doing:
 You get the benefit of working with leaders across the NVIDIA organization in the NVIDIA leadership program in an apprenticeship model that will build you into a future senior business leader.
 Lead and execute short and long-term projects, across a rotation of industries and product segments, working with BD leaders as a part of their cross-functional team for an agreed timeframe. After several years, you may transfer over to one of these industries or a segment team full time.
 Build industry coverage recommendations for head of sales of matrixed Sales org.
 Work cross-functionally with key partners to build and design models to solve business problems and derive key business insights and recommendations.
 Build and drive effectiveness of go-to-market strategies for new product segments such as software and services.
 Design and incubate partner programs to engage and incentivize partner sales teams to proactively push NVIDIA solutions to their customers.
 Help the CEO’s core team to articulate major customer and partnership announcements at global AI events!
 Help to run the cadence of ongoing executive meetings for a very fast-paced sales environment.
 Develop domain expertise in chosen industries - to meet, present, and partner with execs and developers on their issues, talk at the EBC, and run enablement training.
 What we need to see:
 A positive, high-energy attitude.
 6+ years minimum work experience - at major consulting firm, technology, OEM, ISV, or startup.
 Ability to influence others to achieve results and carry forward GTM programs in a complex environment.
 Broad technology understanding. Meet with product leaders, learn about new technology releases, and translate WWFO requirements to product groups.
 Strong communication skills both verbal and written at executive and individual contributor levels. Must be able to build trusted relationships with other teams to drive forward programs.
 Organizational skills that allow projects to be run efficiently and communicated to all.
 Ability to manage multiple projects at the same time and prioritize activities based on business requirements.
 Must be able to work with many cross functional teams to drive forward projects.
 Excellent EQ, interpersonal, organizational, written and verbal skills; able to learn and synthesize complex subjects quickly.
 Bachelor's degree in a related business or technical subject (or equivalent experience)
 Able to take a complex subject matter and turn it into modern business language.
 Ability to share concise conclusions, and then provide supporting analysis as needed.
 Motivate others to work with you and each other.
 High tolerance for change, able to pivot, and deliver against many opinions.
 Works well in highly outstanding, matrixed organization where the mission matters more than the org chart.
 Power user of office suite and analytic tools
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Evidence of high performance juggling multiple projects, relationships, and learning to adapt quickly to need.
 A real passion for getting things done in dynamic sales and technology environment.
 Proactive, obvious high EQ, can work within anyone from CEO to SVP to field engineer to partner and customer.
 Postgraduate education in a relevant field (e.g. MBA, computer science).
 Experience working at/with software or services businesses and their go-to-market
 Salesforce.com, Tableau and other Sales and Marketing automation tools
 Applying data science or machine learning to analysis
 Good cultural fit - focused, able to listen, understand and answer the question; looking for the best way to solve the problem at the speed of light, etc.
 We are widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most hardworking people in the world working with us. If you are creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
