
 
 
 
 Onboarding Project Manager - (US Remote) - Houston, TX 77039 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Onboarding Project Manager - (US Remote) Rimini Street, Inc. 47 reviews Houston, TX 77039 Remote Rimini Street, Inc. 47 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Description:
 
Rimini Street, Inc. (Nasdaq: RMNI) is a global provider of enterprise software products and services, the leading third-party support provider for Oracle and SAP software products and a Salesforce partner. The Company offers premium, ultra-responsive and integrated application management and support services that enable enterprise software licensees to save significant costs, free up resources for innovation and achieve better business outcomes. To date, more than 4,000 Fortune 500, Fortune Global 100, midmarket, public sector and other organizations from a broad range of industries have relied on Rimini Street as their trusted application enterprise software products and services provider. 
 The company is widely recognized by clients, leading industry analysts (including Gartner, Forrester, Constellation Research and Nucleus), and financial analysts as the leader in a large, fast growing market with tremendous upside and an extremely strong value proposition that resonates with CIOs and CFOs. 
We actively seek a  Onboarding Project Manager   resident anywhere in US remote. 
We’re building something special at Rimini Street. A company where people care about each other and trust each other to do the right thing. A company where highly intelligent and talented people come together to do challenging and meaningful work that makes a real difference to our clients, ending each day with a sense of achievement and balance in their lives. 
Position Summary 
Reporting to the Manager, Global Client Onboarding (GCO), the Onboarding Project Manager (OPM) is responsible for assuring the successful onboarding of Rimini Street’s top clients across all supported product lines. 
The OPM is responsible for leading the successful on-time completion of the client onboarding project plan. Key tasks include developing the Onboarding Project plan, establishing client and Rimini Street project roles and responsibilities, identifying project risk areas, creating risk mitigation plans and managing all escalations related these accounts. The OPM will manage all executive and project reporting, both with the client and to the Rimini Street internal management teams. 
 The OPM needs to have excellent communication with client contacts and the project teams. The OPM is also expected to contribute to client onboarding projects, improvements and innovations. 
Essential Duties and Responsibilities 
Responsible for successful, on-time completion of client onboarding projects
 Leads internal teams to execute client onboarding processes and tasks to assure successful, on-time completion of all deliverables 
Develops and drives onboarding project risk mitigation and leads all escalations related to these projects 
Provide pre-sales client onboarding assistance for the sales organization 
Ensures onboarding tasks are performed in accordance with ISO processes 
Maintain up-to-date project information in Salesforce.com and other systems 
Manage client communications and escalations during the onboarding process 
Provide detailed and timely status reporting to internal management team 
Assure excellent client satisfaction with entire onboarding process 
Secure client reference ability at conclusion of onboarding
 Identify and propose onboarding innovations and improvement opportunities 
Be a pro-active leader within a 24x7x365 days run support organization, this will require the ability to work flexible hours, including evenings, weekends and holidays and monitoring emails and other forms of notifications regularly outside standard business hours. 
10% travel expected 
Qualifications/Skills/Experience:
 
Education 
Bachelor and/or Master’s Degree in Business, Finance, Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experience 
Location 
Remote, United States 
Experience 
 10+ years consulting or project management experience working with SAP, Oracle EBS Applications or Oracle Database solutions, including strong client management experience 
5+ years ERP application implementation and/or upgrade project management experience 
Strong analytical and problem solving skills 
Excellent organizational, communication, interpersonal, relationship building skills 
Technical consulting experience preferred 
#LI-Remote 
Skills 
Project management
 Escalation management
 Negotiation and Objection-Handling skills 
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills 
Ability to successfully execute the Onboarding Project Plan with successful results 
Excellent organizational, communication, interpersonal, relationship building skills 
Ability to work well in a cross-functional, matrix management environment 
Expertise using common project management tools: e.g. MS Project, Visio, Excel and PowerPoint 
Strong English verbal and written communication skills 
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills 
Excellent organizational, communication, interpersonal, relationship building skills 
Desired Qualifications 
Project Management certification or equivalent 
SAP or Oracle Implementation and/or technical certifications 
Company Description:
 
Rimini Street, Inc. (Nasdaq: RMNI) is a global provider of enterprise software products and services, the leading third-party support provider for Oracle and SAP software products and a Salesforce partner. The Company offers premium, ultra-responsive and integrated application management and support services that enable enterprise software licensees to save significant costs, free up resources for innovation and achieve better business outcomes. To date, more than 4,000 Fortune 500, Fortune Global 100, midmarket, public sector and other organizations from a broad range of industries have relied on Rimini Street as their trusted application enterprise software products and services provider. 
Rimini Street is widely recognized by clients, leading industry analysts (including Gartner, Forrester, Constellation Research and Nucleus), and financial analysts as the leader in a large, fast growing market with tremendous upside and an extremely strong value proposition that resonates with CIOs and CFOs. According to Gartner, the third-party support market will grow to $1.05 billion by 2023, a 200% increase. With tight IT budgets and flat global economic growth, IT and procurement professionals are actively looking for proven methods to cut costs while improving service. Rimini Street enables organizations to free up budget for strategic business initiatives by delivering savings of up to 90 percent on total maintenance and support costs, and to date, the company has saved organizations over $5 billion in total maintenance costs since its inception. 
We’re building something special at Rimini Street. A company where people care about each other and trust each other to do the right thing. A company where highly intelligent and talented people come together to do challenging and meaningful work that makes a real difference to our clients, ending each day with a sense of achievement and balance in their lives. 
Be Treated Like the Best 
Rimini Street hires only the best – and provides the compensation, bonus and benefit programs appropriate for proven top-performing professionals. We want our employees to have an opportunity to share in the financial success that results from our dedication to service excellence, high-quality deliverables and an unparalleled client experience 
No bureaucracy, thousand-page rule books or politics — just everyone working together to build a great company through service excellence and client success 
Work hard, play hard environment – Rimini Street is a group of hard-working professionals who are passionate about achieving success, but we also enjoy opportunities to meet up at fun company events 
We are also passionate about giving back to our communities around the world, with plenty of opportunities for volunteering and charity through the Rimini Street Foundation 
All Rimini Street professionals are encouraged to grow and learn new skills 
Accelerating Company Growth 
Trading on Nasdaq under ticker symbol RMNI since October 2017 
Added to the US Russell 2000® Index in 2018 
Over 4,000 clients, to date including 100 of the Fortune 500 and Global 100 
Annual 2021 financial results of $326.8 million, up 16.3% year over year 
Fiscal year operating cash flow of $42.1 million, up 107% year over year 
Announced the new patent pending Rimini Street Artificial Intelligence Support Applications, a result of the Company’s continued investment in optimizing support processes and ensuring global service delivery outcomes at scale. Using the AI Applications, Rimini Street has been able to deliver a better client experience and reduce software issue resolution times by 23%. 
Celebrated the 15th anniversary of the Company’s founding in 2005 to redefine the enterprise software support market and bring choice and value to software licensees around the world. 
 Recent Industry Recognition 
Received 33 awards in 2020, including 15 awards for excellence in customer service from awards companies such as the International Stevie Awards, the American Stevie Awards, and the Stevie Awards for Sales & Customer Service
 Honored with four Gold awards for Company of the Year in 2020.
 The Rimini Street Foundation recognized with two awards in 2020 for Corporate Social Responsibility Program of the Year 
In addition, in 2020 the Company supported more than 120 charities around the world through the Rimini Street Foundation, providing financial contributions, volunteer hours and in-kind donations including personal protective equipment to healthcare workers, senior centers, food banks and youth organizations globally. The Foundation also extended its charitable work in 2020 to Hong Kong, Malaysia, Mozambique, Sweden and the UAE. 
To learn more about how Rimini Street is redefining the enterprise software support industry, visit http://www.riministreet.com 
Rimini Street is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment and is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender or gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law. 
Please Note: Rimini Street does not accept resumes submitted by recruiting/staffing firms unless specifically requested by Human Resources. Unsolicited resumes will be ineligible for referral fees. Rimini Street, Inc. 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Onboarding Manager jobs in Houston, TX Jobs at Rimini Street in Houston, TX Onboarding Manager salaries in Houston, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rimini Street, Inc. Rimini Street, Inc. 47 reviews Rimini Street is the leading independent provider of enterprise software support services, offering superior service and 50% cost savings Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
