
 
 
 
 Senior Director, Human Resources (Remote-US) - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Director, Human Resources (Remote-US) Sitel 11,692 reviews United States Remote Sitel 11,692 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Learn, Lead & Grow at Sitel Group® 
 
 We believe experiences are everything, and that happy associates are successful ones. That’s why we give our people the tools and the freedom to learn, grow, have fun and be themselves. 
 
 GROW AS YOU GO.  We invest in you, with internal programs, training and initiatives to develop your skills and help you reach your goals. We promote from within. We provide you with the tools, skills and resources to develop, both professionally and personally. You choose where you want to go; we help you get there. 
 BE BOLD, BE YOU.  #SitelLife represents our commitment to our people -to YOU. It's about coming exactly as you are. We empower everyone to live their truth, be themselves and use their voice -and we give them a platform to do so. 
 WORK TOGETHER TO MAKE AN IMPACT.  We strive to make the world a better place and empower others to do the same. We are mission-driven -and we leverage the power of our people to make a positive impact in the communities in which we live and work. 
 GAIN STABILITY, EXPAND POSSIBILITIES.  We celebrate successes and reward our people for the hard work they do every day. We offer benefits to keep you healthy and happy, such as paid time off and referral bonuses. Plus, fun perks like employee discounts. 
 MAXIMIZE YOUR EXPERIENCE.  We value open, honest and constructive conversation. We encourage you to speak up -and we listen when you do. Through MAX, our global community, we leverage our people's innovative ideas, experiences and feedback to shape and drive the future of Sitel Group. 
 
 About Sitel Group® 
 
 As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brands, from Fortune 500 companies to local startups, to design, build and deliver a competitive edge across all customer touchpoints. With our award-winning culture built on 35+ years of industry-leading experience and commitment to improving the employee experience, we improve business results by pairing innovative design thinking and digital solutions – including self-service, artificial intelligence (AI), automation, and data-driven analytics – with the expertise, emotion, and empathy of our people to  Create Connection. Value Conversation. 
 To learn more, visit www.sitel.com or join the conversation on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn. 
 
 We are currently looking for a Senior Director, Human Resources to join the SITEL family! 
 
 The Senior Director, Human Resources for Sitel Group’s operations associates will be responsible for developing, aligning and executing on HR initiatives. This role will have frequent contact with Executive North America leadership members and will be part of the North America HR leadership team reporting to the VP, Operations – North America & Colombia. 
 
 Key Responsibilities: 
 
 Develop and implement positive and effective human resources process and practices, serving as a key business partner to North America Operations leadership. 
 Lead Operations HR team in business partner relationships in coordination with associate relations policies, programs, and best practices necessary to achieve people KPIs.
 Identify and implement actions to achieve desired retention goals, to establish a positive employer-associate relationship and promote a high level of associate morale and employee development.
 Partner with Talent Acquisition to identify strategies to improve contact center associate attraction and retention.
 Focus on leadership development and partner with talent management to implement overall talent development strategies. 
 Complete audits on various HR practices to ensure sites are following all applicable governing entities defined processes and procedures.
 Guide and advise Leadership on all people matters. 
 Deliver HR analytics to executive leadership team and actionable results. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 
 Minimum 5 years’ experience supporting contact centers or background in production environment. 
 10+ years of progressive Human Resources experience, with 5-7 years’ experience working in a Senior Manager/functional leader role. 
 Extensive knowledge and experience in associate relations, problem and conflict resolution, and recruiting/staffing all levels of employees.
 Ability to build strong relationships with senior stakeholders. 
 Efficient time management, planning, and organizational skills including demonstrated ability to prioritize multiple projects/tasks.
 Ability to build successful, influential, highly-interactive teams.
 Proven ability to influence others.
 Demonstrated ability to adapt practices and techniques to changing priorities and issues and drive proactive, effective change leadership.
 Experience in Business Process Outsourcing (BPO)/Customer Contact Centers or related industry, preferred. 
 Education and Certifications: 
 
 Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources or Business or equivalent experience and education in Human Resources Management. 
 PHR training/certification and continuing HR/Legal education as available. 
 
 Travel: 
 
 Domestic and International travel required using various modes of transportation – approximately 30 - 40%.
 Ability to maintain a flexible schedule with varying lengths of stay for business travel. Sitel 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Director of Human Resources jobs in United States Jobs at Sitel in United States Senior Director of Human Resources salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sitel Sitel 11,692 reviews As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brand... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
