
 
 
 
 Annotation Quality Analyst - Arabic language - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Annotation Quality Analyst - Arabic language Apple 10,208 reviews Austin, TX Apple 10,208 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  May 3, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200244433 
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. The people here at Apple donʼt just craft products - they build the kind of wonder thatʼs revolutionized entire industries. Itʼs the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it.
Are you interested in being part of a team that continues to innovate the way people and machines interact? The launch of Siri was a defining moment in the history of Artificial Intelligence. Siri offers a faster, easier way to get things done on your Apple devices, even before you ask. Millions of people now use Siri to send a message, play their favorite song or even take a selfie. The AI/ML Annotation team is passionate about technology with a focus on enriching the Siri customer experience. We are looking for a motivated Annotation Quality Analyst, fluent in Arabic, that demonstrates critical thinking, integrity and acute attention to detail. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish.
This role is based at the corporate campus in Austin, TX. 
Key Qualifications 
Experience in content quality review or a similar environment 
Excellent Arabic reading, writing and comprehension skills, including grammar and proofreading 
Fluency (verbal and written) in English 
Excellent judgment and integrity with the ability to make decisions in a fast paced environment 
Effective time management, including the ability to organize, prioritize and manage a heavy workload independently while achieving exceptional quality in a dynamic environment 
Ability to track, analyze and provide accurate reporting 
Data analytics experience highly desirable 
Knowledge of one or more of the following: iOS, PC or Mac experience and Siri preferred 
Description 
As part of the AI/ML Annotation team you’ll play a central role in enhancing the Siri customer experience. You’ll work in a fast paced, dynamic, technology focused environment. You’ll review the Annotation Analyst evaluations from customers who have opted-in to the grading program and provide quality feedback. You’ll use your analytical skills to track and report trends. You’ll collaborate with team members and share ideas for business improvements. Because we believe our individual backgrounds, perspectives, and passions help us build the ideas that move all of us forward. We’ll train you to be an expert in understanding, supporting and improving the Siri experience.
We are seeking applicants with fluency in Arabic and English.
This position comes with competitive pay, great benefits, eligibility to participate in our company stock plan, time off, and employee discount. 
Education & Experience 
Bachelors degree or equivalent work experience preferred 
Additional Requirements 
Able to work during the regular business hours of Monday - Friday from 8:00am to 5:00pm or 9:00am to 6:00pm local time 
Positions with language skills require strong grammar and cultural awareness 
Successful completion of a pre-employment assessment and background check Apple 22 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Quality Analyst jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Apple in Austin, TX Quality Analyst salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,208 reviews This is where you can do the best work of your life. Where you’ll join some of the world’s smartest, most innovative people to create ama... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
