
 
 
 
 Claims Integrity Specialist - Illinois - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Claims Integrity Specialist iRhythm Technologies 55 reviews Illinois Remote iRhythm Technologies 55 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company About iRhythm: 
iRhythm is a leading digital healthcare company focused on the way cardiac arrhythmias are clinically diagnosed by combining our wearable bio sensing technology with powerful cloud-based data analytics and Artificial Intelligence capabilities. Our goal is to be the leading provider of ambulatory ECG monitoring for patients at risk for arrhythmias. iRhythm's continuous ambulatory monitoring has already put over 2 million patients and their doctors on a shorter path to what they both need – answer.
 
 About this role: 
iRhythm is currently seeking an experienced Claims Integrity Specialist who can work remotely, in a HIPPA compliant work space. Our work environment is fast-paced with a collaborative atmosphere. Most of all, we are passionate about delivering innovations that improve the quality of health care and the patient experience. We are looking for like-minded individuals to join our team today!
 
 Specific job responsibilities include: 
Perform claims integrity on registrations
 
Researches and identifies all missing insurance information for the member
 
Verifies patient/claimant information, the payer network, in- or out-of-network status, researches any/all information to determine active policy
 
Contacts accounts and patients to obtain corrected insurance information
 
 Administrative tasks include:  tending to email, overnight shipping, fax, copy, scan, file, office supplies, general correspondence to ensure efficient follow up correspondence & operations.
 
Maintain confidentiality of patient data and medical records in compliance with HIPAA regulations.
 
Comfortable and capable utilizing various communication tools including IM and video conferencing to enable virtual work collaboration.
 
Maintain consistent work presence and impact during normal business hours, and be available for ad hoc check-in's with managers and/or team leads.
 
Deliver on challenging work objectives, including meeting daily, weekly and/or monthly productivity metrics.
 
Produce high quality, high volume work by leveraging self-motivation and initiative in a remote work environment.
 
Assist and cross train in other departments as business needs dictate and during critical times.
 
 About You: 
High school diploma required. Bachelor's Degree or relevant experience in healthcare preferred.
 
2-3 years of experience with health insurance claims
 
2+ years of experience providing patient communication, researching, and documenting patient insurance information
 
Excellent communication and customer service skills with a focus on assisting patients in a healthcare environment
 
Strong attention to detail, time management and organizational skills
 
Experience with Microsoft Office, Customer Relationship Management systems, and Provider Engagement Portals required. Salesforce experience highly desired.
 
Possess a secure work area conforming to HIPAA guidelines.
 
Self-awareness to find creative solutions to remote challenges.
 
Resourcefulness and high levels of emotional intelligence to identify obstacles and collaborate with others to discuss potential solutions.
 
What's in it for you?
 
This is a full-time position with a competitive compensation package, excellent benefits including medical, dental and vision insurance (all of which start on your first day), paid holidays, and PTO!
 
iRhythm also provides additional benefits including 401K (with company match), an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, paid parental leave, pet insurance discount, Cultural Committee/Charity events, and so much more!
 
 FLSA Status :  Non-Exempt
 
As a part of our core values, we ensure a diverse and inclusive workforce. We welcome and celebrate people of all backgrounds, experiences, skills and perspectives. iRhythm Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer (M/F/V/D). Pursuant to San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 
Make iRhythm your path forward.
 
#LI-DS1
 
#LI-Remote iRhythm Technologies 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Claims Specialist jobs in Illinois Jobs at iRhythm Technologies in Illinois Claims Specialist salaries in Illinois Company Info Follow Get job updates from iRhythm Technologies iRhythm Technologies 55 reviews iRhythm is a digital healthcare company redefining the way cardiac arrhythmias are clinically diagnosed by combining our wearable biosens... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
