
 
 
 
 Director, Logistics Development SAN FRANCISCO, CALOGISTICS & FIELD OPERATIONS - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Logistics Development SAN FRANCISCO, CALOGISTICS & FIELD OPERATIONS Tonal 2 reviews San Francisco, CA Remote Tonal 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who We Are 
Tonal has built the world’s most intelligent fitness system that is changing the way people work out at home. Tonal is a fresh approach to fitness that leverages hardware, software, video content, and artificial intelligence. Everyone who has seen or used our product, from professional athletes to fitness enthusiasts, has fallen in love. 
 
At Tonal, we are applying our collective knowledge and creativity to reimagine fitness. We know firsthand that too many hurdles stand between each of us and our fitness goals. Drawing on decades of research and a diverse team of experts, we have created the most advanced strength training system available that makes working out more efficient, effective, and engaging. 
 
We're passionate about building products that transform people's lives. 
Overview 
Tonal is looking for an experienced senior manager to drive initiatives that will dramatically improve the service and reduce the cost of our Logistics operations. The role will build a team of experienced leaders in continuous improvement, analytics, logistics technology, and project management. Your team will initiate and oversee projects to improve organization capabilities. You will also be responsible for ongoing continuous improvement and Lean initiatives across the logistics organization. You will drive the analytics that uncover and define opportunities for improvement, including inventory deployment, installation capacity and network design among other areas. You will work in close partnership with leaders in Logistics as well as business leaders, IT development and other stakeholders. 
What You Will Do 
Develop and manage the Logistics Strategic Plan as part of the Operations overall Strategic Plan. Ensure all internal and external Logistics resources are aligned and execute to the strategic plan; Identify, define, and pursue opportunities for improvement in customer experience, service, and cost across our warehousing, delivery, and installation operations. Build a top-notch team to drive analytics, continuous improvement, technology innovation and project management. Improve logistics performance whilst collaborating closely with other functional leaders across the business. Responsible for managing those projects on budget, on time and on benefit; Represents and lead the Logistics efforts as part of broader Entreprise or Operations efforts (eg. MIDAS, Planning,...) Lead identification, selection and implementation of new technology platforms (for example, TMS, Dispatch and Scheduling). Oversee ongoing improvements in our logistics technologies. Drive continuous improvement in service levels, cost, quality, safety. Help achieve year-over-year improvement in key performance metrics. Be a change agent: challenge organizational leaders to drive continuous improvement. Initiate and oversee organization training and development in Lean kaizen, 5S and Value Stream mapping. Partner effectively across functional teams, including Logistics and Field Operations, Customer Care, Manufacturing Operations and multiple 3PL service providers, to drive projects from ideation to execution 
Who You Are 
An experienced logistics and supply chain leader with a minimum of 7-10 years experience. A data driven leader with impressive analytical capabilities An expert in tools such as Lean Kaizen, 5S, Value Stream Mapping, process Flow Mapping, and overall company culture changes. Experience with selection and deployment of technology in logistics operations. Comfortable with a fast paced, innovative and entrepreneurial environment. Able to create a roadmap for success 
Tonal is committed to meeting the diverse needs of people with disabilities in a timely manner that is consistent with the principles of independence, dignity, integration and equality of opportunity. Should you have any accommodation requests, please reach out to us via our confidential email, accessibility@tonal.com. All requests will be addressed and responded to in accordance with Tonal’s Accessibility Policy and local legislation. Tonal 25 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Operations jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Tonal in San Francisco, CA Director of Operations salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Tonal 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
