
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Strategist - Dallas, TX 75202 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Strategist Kimberly-Clark 2,087 reviews Dallas, TX 75202 Kimberly-Clark 2,087 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description You know that better things can happen when people collaborate
 You enjoy working with people, bouncing ideas off them and considering different, stimulating points of view. You’re inspired by the idea that any team member at any moment might spark an idea that leads to a smart solution. Your non-judgmental manner encourages open dialogue. We would like to meet you.
 The AI Strategist is responsible for value discovery and realization for AI/data science projects in Kimberly-Clark. This is a non-managerial leadership (individual contributor) role. This role will be part of the AI value engineering team (in the CDO organization) that is tasked with creating AI transformation in Kimberly-Clark. This is a niche and newly created team in the company and hence the person will have opportunity to shape up the direction of the team and also to influence AI strategy across the company. This role will be part of the ambitious vision to make Kimberly-Clark an AI driven company.
 AI Strategist is responsible for interacting with various business units of Kimberly-Clark across regions and across one or more of the functions such as supply chain, manufacturing, sales, marketing. This person carries two broad responsibilities. One is to understand and analyze business context and challenges, and craft machine learning / data science solutions using value engineering approaches. Second is to ensure developed solutions are adopted by the business teams and expected value is realized. AI Strategist will be a trusted advisor to business teams in adoption of AI in the company.
 Duties and Responsibilities:
 Interact with business teams and have deep understanding of business functions and processes of Kimberly-Clark.
 Conduct workshops and discovery sessions to analyze current priorities, challenges and focus areas of business teams.
 Craft appropriate data science solutions working closely with business teams and data science leads and using value engineering techniques and frameworks.
 Identify qualitative and quantitative benefits of the solution as well as integration with business processes and business actionability.
 Hand over the solution blueprint / charter to data science delivery team.
 Work with business teams to ensure the developed solution is adopted.
 Track the expected benefits over short-term as well as long-term.
 Ensure initial solution is scaled to other similar business functional and regions of Kimberly-Clark.
 Be the change agent to raise “Artificial Intelligence Quotient” across Kimberly-Clark, by creating and showcasing success stories, creating newsletters and more.
 Engage all stakeholders in Kimberly-Clark using various modes such as personal discussions, group sessions as well as internal social media channels.
 Help create frameworks, templates, processes and governance for establishing the AI value engineering team in Kimberly-Clark.
 Education required/ preferred:
 B.E. or B.Tech in Information Technology, Data Science, or related field (MBA preferred).
 7-10 years of industry experience and at least 4 years or more of work experience in data science domain.
 Experience working in premier management consulting or technology consulting companies in data science practice, interacting with external clients and creating data science solutions OR experience in companies similar to Kimberly-Clark in similar roles.
 Deep expertise in at least one of the functions such as supply chain, manufacturing, sales, marketing.
 Exposure to multiple sectors including CPG, Automobiles, Technology, Retail, Entertainment, Travel and Hospitality etc.
 Good knowledge of machine learning and artificial intelligence. Exposure to working on solutions that use different kinds of machine learning algorithms.
 Should be able to assess fitment of algorithms to business problems, convert model results to actionable recommendations, explain the modelling process as well as results to business stakeholders across hierarchy.
 Having point of view and preferably demonstrated thought leadership in business and strategic implications of data science and artificial intelligence.
 Exceptional communication and persuasion skills as well as ability to network, influence without authority particularly those above in the hierarchy.
 Exceptional problem solving skills, to be able to start with business priorities, use structured approach to break down into multiple AI use cases.
 Be part of a team of forward-thinkers
 If you’d like to be recognized and rewarded for innovative thinking, welcome. We encourage imagination and exploration that keeps us competitive. Our diverse, inclusive workplace makes idea-generating that much more dynamic, with people from different backgrounds contributing fresh perspectives. Join us.
 Travel may include less than 10% of work time. Travel may also include travel via aircrafts and motor vehicles to various locations, if applicable. Varying working conditions may include prolonged sitting, typing and viewing computer/laptop screens, along with occasional bending, reaching, lifting, carrying, climbing, twisting, stooping, walking and standing.
 Kimberly-Clark and its well-known global brands are an indispensable part of life for people in more than 175 countries. Every day, 1.3 billion people - nearly a quarter of the world's population - trust K-C brands and the solutions they provide to enhance their health, hygiene, and well-being. With brands such as Kleenex, Scott, Huggies, Pull-Ups, Kotex, and Depend, Kimberly-Clark holds No.1 or No. 2 share positions in more than 80 countries. With more than 140 years of history of innovation, we believe in recruiting the best people and empowering them do their best work. If fresh thinking and a passion to win inspire you, come Unleash Your Power at Kimberly-Clark.
 For Kimberly-Clark to grow and prosper, we must be an inclusive organization that applies the diverse experiences and passions of its team members to brands that make life better for people all around the world. We actively seek to build a workforce that reflects the experiences of our consumers. When you bring your original thinking to Kimberly-Clark, you fuel the continued success of our enterprise. We are a committed equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, pregnancy, genetic information, citizenship status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 The statements above are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by employees assigned to this classification. Statements are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities and skills required for this position.
 This position may require a post-offer/pre-hire Physical Abilities Test (PAT) to confirm that individuals are able to perform the essential functions of the job.
 K-C requires that an employee have authorization to work in the country in which the role is based. In the event an applicant does not have current work authorization, K-C will determine, in its sole discretion, whether to sponsor an individual for work authorization. However, based on immigration requirements, not all roles are suitable for sponsorship. This position is subject to drug and alcohol testing, including pre-employment testing.
 Global VISA and Relocation Specifications:
 K-C will support in-country relocation for the chosen candidate for the role. The benefits provided will be per the terms of K-C’s applicable mobility policies. The benefits/policy provided will be decided in K-C’s sole discretion.
 Primary Location
 USA-TX-Dallas
 Additional Locations
 USA-GA-Atlanta-Roswell, USA-IL-Chicago, USA-WI-Neenah
 Worker Type
 Employee
 Worker Sub-Type
 Regular
 Time Type
 Full time Kimberly-Clark 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Kimberly-Clark in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Kimberly-Clark Kimberly-Clark 2,087 reviews Kimberly-Clark makes the essentials for a better life with well-known brands that matter every day – at home, school, work and on the go.... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
