
 
 
 
 Vice President Enterprise Applications - Draper, UT 84020 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Vice President Enterprise Applications HealthEquity Inc. 63 reviews Draper, UT 84020 HealthEquity Inc. 63 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
We are  CONNECTING HEALTH AND WEALTH.  Come be part of remarkable. 
How you can make a difference 
The Vice President, Enterprise Applications (EA), reporting to the Chief Information Officer, will lead the go-forward strategy and operations for development, implementation, and management of enterprise application initiatives. They will manage a collaborative and transparent business and technology engagement model, where empowered technologists integrate into business teams, pursue a deep understanding of business functions along with the aligned technology needs, advocate opportunities for technology to become more effective, and proactively adapt technology services and process to support HealthEquity’s strategic objectives along with each business departments’ tactical outcomes. Additionally, the EA leader manages the budget and delivery of existing EA services, while continuously improving stability and quality, enabling our maniacal mindset towards teammate and customer satisfaction. 
What you’ll be doing 
Provide technology vision and leadership for the development and implementation of Enterprise Application initiatives that create and maintain a strategic advantage
 Lead strategic technological planning and team as it relates to EA, to achieve business goals by prioritizing technology initiatives and coordinating the evaluation, development, deployment, and management of current and future application technologies with all stakeholders. 
Develop strategic initiatives and create a supporting portfolio of projects that drives execution of organization strategy and operating goals. Create process and structure to build organization alignment and drive effective strategic execution. Build initiatives and projects to solve complex problems and address long term challenges/opportunities. 
Strategize and plan with the different departments to ensure there are clear goals and accountability in line with the business objectives and organization mission. 
Lead strategic technological planning as it relates to applications and cloud-based distributed systems to achieve organizational goals by prioritizing technology initiatives and coordinating the evaluation, development, deployment, and management of current and future application technologies with all stakeholders. 
Manage the expenses (operating and capital) for IT Enterprise Application budgets in conjunction with the finance to ensure all funding requests follow the appropriate governance processes. 
Ensure compliance with IT quality and security processes and procedures, identifying and addressing any compliance issues. 
Develop and maintain effective working relationships with colleagues, stakeholders, and suppliers to build motivated teams with a shared focus on achieving results. 
Foster a positive and engaging work environment for each team member by promoting skill development, coaching for improvement and growth, inspiring others through your words and actions, ensuring positive employee, and embracing our mission, vision, and core values. 
Manage outside vendors and contractors to ensure performance expectations and customer satisfaction. 
Recruit, develop and retain staff. This includes on-boarding and orientation for new hires, if needed. 
Provide disciplined performance management for team. Define and communicate annual goals, perform formal and informal performance reviews, and ensure changes and updates are communicated in a timely and professional manner. 
What you will need to be successful 
Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration, Finance, Accounting, Computer Science, or Management Information Systems or equivalent experience. Master’s Degree in related areas considered a plus. 
Minimum 10 years management experience leading a team responsible for enterprise applications services in a senior leadership role. 
Deep subject matter expertise in SalesForce, Netsuite and other EA services 
Prior experience leading digital transformations and designing modern technology delivery capabilities – Cloud, Dev/Ops, continuous development/deployment, agile methodologies, analytics, artificial intelligence, and RPA/automation. 
Strategic and data-oriented leader, with a successful track record of customer value creation, and a strong customer service mindset. 
Proven experience managing software vendors and contract requirements. 
Proven ability to manage multiple concurrent projects serving multiple constituencies and sponsors. 
Experience with companies with distributed operations and can understand the complexities of integrating a successful data driven connected enterprise. 
Familiarity with multiple development methodologies
 Understand existing and emerging cloud technologies. 
Experience designing and implementing technical architecture standards and integrations best practices. 
Benefits and perks 
Medical, Dental, Vision 
401(k) match 
Paid Maternity/Paternity leave 
Purple with Purpose (paid volunteer time off) 
HSA contribution and match 
Award winning Wellness Program 
Consumer Driven Healthcare (CDH) education 
Why work for HealthEquity 
HealthEquity has a vision that  by 2030 we will make HSAs as wide-spread and popular as retirement accounts.  We are passionate about providing a solution that allows American families to  connect health and wealth  and  build health savings  for life. Through our innovative technology and superior service delivery, our members gain valuable insights to better save and spend their healthcare dollars. 
We firmly believe that our team members drive the success of this company. We hire passionate contributors who enjoy the thrill of pioneering their positions to their full potential. Join us and discover a work experience where the person is valued more than the position, and where are our  purple  culture drives a remarkable experience. 
Our advice to you 
HealthEquity is fiercely focused on hiring passionate individuals to contribute to our purple culture. If you speak passion, excellence, service, ambition, fun… we want to speak with you! We believe that your personality is as important as your experience and qualifications so when we do have the opportunity to speak together, be authentic, be genuine, be you! Showcase your experience and your passion. 
HealthEquity, Inc. is a proud promoter of equal opportunities for training, compensation, transfer, promotion, and other aspects of employment for all qualified applicants and employees. HealthEquity, Inc. support Equal Employment Opportunities without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation or veteran status when hiring – under federal, state and local laws. HealthEquity Inc. Today original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Vice President jobs in Draper, UT Jobs at HealthEquity in Draper, UT Vice President salaries in Draper, UT Company Info Follow Get job updates from HealthEquity Inc. HealthEquity Inc. 63 reviews HealthEquity provides a solution to an issue of growing importance to American families: affording lifelong health care. More than two mi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
