
 
 
 
 Watson Health -AI Development Lead - Austin, TX 73301 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Watson Health -AI Development Lead IBM 30,725 reviews Austin, TX 73301 IBM 30,725 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $105,000 - $162,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
As an IBM Application Architect, you directly help clients transform their business and solve complex problems. You will define the scope and vision for projects that deliver customized solutions using your knowledge of IBM platforms. You are a technical leader, serving as a liaison among business partners, technical resources, and project stakeholders. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
Here at Watson Health, we’re looking for internally motivated, multi-talented resources to tackle some of the health insurance industry’s most challenging problems using industry leading IBM Watson Artificial Intelligence technology. As an Integrations Lead, you will work with healthcare clients and IBM healthcare SMEs to design, develop, and implement emerging solutions using Watson Cognitive / Artificial Intelligence. Our solutions help our clients to digitally reinvent their strategy and operations, driving greater efficiency and the transformation of their entire enterprise through cognitive insights. Our practice allows you to grow in this “Hyper Growth” area and work directly with clients, building a powerful portfolio of diverse and rewarding experiences. 
Leads integrations of WAfHB APIs and helps to develop world-class cognitive-enabled conversation solutions using Watson Assistant and other leading AI technologies 
Works with the Project Manager to develop and maintain a integrations development plan which will include Nano Service and API integrations. Communicates and collaborates with the Development team to manage & track development progress.
 Works with client-facing team and health insurance clients to define their Cognitive / AI low-level requirements; able to communicate solution design and product capabilities. 
Interfaces with the client during playback sessions to revise and refine training and design; recommends client configuration and design modification based on analysis and client need 
Troubleshoots and resolves issues; performs validation and quality assurance; supports related go-live activities 
Active in Watson API product communities to understand new features and functions and implement immediately when applicable 
Interfaces with product team in the development of Watson Assistant for Health Benefits (WA4HB) and introduces new requirements for the product roadmap 
Continually looks to grow and develop new skills and determine their fit or applicability to the overall solution 
If you are hired into a Colorado work location, the anticipated compensation range for this position $105,000 to $162,000 is based on a full-time schedule. Your ultimate compensation may vary depending on your job-related skills and experience. For part time roles, the compensation will be adjusted appropriately. 
 
WHUS21 
 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
1-5+ years consulting experience with the health insurance industry in a developer role (level commensurate with experience) 
At least 2 years’ experience writing JavaScript/Java/J2EE code and integration skills 
2 years of demonstrated expertise in successful project/build management and execution 
2 years of experience with various development methodologies (i.e. Agile, Iterative, Waterfall) in Software Development Life Cycle management
 Demonstrated experience in leading junior developers (senior role only) 
1 year exposure to healthcare terminology and unique development requirements associated with working in a high security industry 
Demonstrated behaviors of self-motivation, invention, agility, creativity, and the ability to make things happen in a rapid development environment 
Ability to travel, 25%, Home Location: Anywhere 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
5+ years of experience writing JavaScript/Java/J2EE code and integration skills 
5+ years of demonstrated expertise in successful large project/build management and execution
 2+ years exposure to healthcare terminology and unique development requirements associated with working in a high security industry 
Hands-on experience developing with multiple Watson APIs (Watson Assistant/ Watson Conversation Service, Watson Discovery Services, Watson Knowledge Studio, Watson Tone Analyzer, Watson Speech to Text, Watson Text to Speech, IBM Voice Gateway, Watson Natural Language Understanding, Watson Natural Language Classifiers) 
Prior Conversational AI implementation experience 
About Business UnitIBM’s Cloud and Cognitive software business is committed to bringing the power of IBM’s Cloud and Watson/AI technologies to life for our clients and ecosystem partners around the world. IBM provides you with the most comprehensive and consistent approach to development, security and operations across hybrid environments—with complete software solutions for business and IT operations, development, data science, security, and management. Our experts and software capabilities help organizations develop applications once and deploy them anywhere, integrate security across the breadth of their IT estate, and automate operations with management visibility. With IBM, you also have access to new skills and methods, governance and management approaches, and a deep ecosystem of industry experts and partners. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at IBM in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,725 reviews What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
