
 
 
 
 Staff Software Engineer - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Staff Software Engineer Rev.com 1,153 reviews Austin, TX Remote Rev.com 1,153 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. About the Position
 
Do you want to work at a high-growth company where your impact is seen and rewarded? Are you looking for the autonomy to do your best work? We are seeking a full-stack Senior Software Engineer to join our growth stage startup.
 
You can expect to make an impact from day one, contributing to our web and mobile apps, which are used by thousands of people daily, and pushing code to production on a weekly basis. You will work alongside a group of smart, pragmatic, and passionate developers. Rev engineers are expected to become experts on the problems facing our workers and customers, shape the future of our product, and produce highly scalable and maintainable code. At Rev, you won't only help us execute on our current businesses, but you will play an integral role in impacting the direction of the remote labor market on a global scale.
 
Responsibilities
 
Develop high-quality software design and architecture
 Drive the definition of new features and product enhancements
 Define and implement new data models and use them at all levels of the stack, from the database through the mid-tier all the way to the front end
 Help prioritize technical issues with engineering managers and collaborate with other engineering teams
 Identify technical debt before it grows into debt that requires significant up-front work to resolve
 Understand the user and uses that knowledge to guide decision-making
 Mentor other engineers and provide in-depth feedback on PRs
 Work well and communicate effectively with cross-functional teams, etc, to discuss technical AND business trade-offs
 
Qualifications
 
Has proven experience as a Senior Software Engineer
 Has experience with modern MVC frameworks/languages such as ASP .NET MVC, .NET Core, Typescript, and React.js
 Has experience creating scalable data models and queries in relational databases
 Has experience in highly collaborative code review processes
 Wants to design and develop full features from start to finish
 Instinctively writes tests in parallel with your code
 
#LI-REMOTE
 
Life at Rev
 
Rev is a profitable, growth-stage startup that specializes in meeting the speech-to-text needs of hundreds of thousands of customers annually through its unmatched combination of the world's most accurate speech AI and the world's largest community of freelancers working side-by-side.
 
Rev's suite of products includes transcription, captioning, subtitling, as well as a live-captioning app for Zoom video conferencing. Rev also boasts seamless integrations with YouTube and Vimeo, as well as custom APIs for enterprise clients who need novel speech-to-text solutions.
 
Founded in 2010 by five MIT alumni, Rev has raised millions of dollars in venture capital from top Silicon Valley VCs and experienced exceptionally rapid growth, both internally and externally. Rev was recently named by Forbes as one of America's Most Promising Artificial Intelligence Companies and is a destination for the world's foremost engineers and speech scientists.
 
Our promise is to create great work from home jobs, powered by AI. Our vision is to transcend all barriers of communication. Joining Rev means joining a team of smart, passionate, and friendly people with different backgrounds, shared ideas, and similar goals. Oh, and tons of perks!
 
 Get Paid:  Be competitively compensated by a well-funded startup. Enjoy full benefits, options, and a 401k.
 
 Desk Budget & Office Equipment:  Rev will provide you with a new laptop. You will also have a budget to outfit your workspace.
 
 Make a Difference:  Be measured by your impact, not your effort. Help create real jobs for real people.
 
 Work Where You Want:  For most roles, be free to stay at home, come to the office, or work from a coffee shop.
 
 Have Fun:  Plan and participate in events like field day, baseball games, ski trips and happy hours.
 
 Stretch Yourself:  Learn new skills, talk to customers, drive product improvements, or learn to design. We will push you to your limits.
 
We encourage and celebrate different perspectives regardless of gender, gender identity or expression, age, race, origin, religion, caregiver status, disability, ethnicity, veteran status, or sexual orientation. Multiple points of view fuel our innovation and connect us closer to Revvers, our customers and each other.
 
Rev is an Equal Opportunity Employer that does not discriminate on the basis of actual or perceived race, color, creed, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, sex or gender (including pregnancy, childbirth and pregnancy-related conditions), gender identity or expression (including transgender status), sexual orientation, marital status, military service and veteran status, physical or mental disability, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws and ordinances. Rev.com 's management team is dedicated to this policy with respect to recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, training, compensation, benefits, employee activities, access to facilities and programs and general treatment during employment.
 
 
 We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. 
 
If you are based in California, we encourage you to read this important information about our Privacy Policy for California residents linked here . Rev.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Staff Engineer jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Rev.com in Austin, TX Staff Engineer salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rev.com Rev.com 1,153 reviews Rev is the largest and most popular voice-to-text service in the world with more than 170,000 customers globally. Recognized widely as th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
