
 
 
 
 Production Coordinator LOS ANGELES, CACONTENT - Los Angeles, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Production Coordinator LOS ANGELES, CACONTENT Tonal 2 reviews Los Angeles, CA Tonal 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who We Are 
Tonal has built the world’s most intelligent fitness system that is changing the way people work out at home. Tonal is a fresh approach to fitness that leverages hardware, software, video content, and artificial intelligence. Everyone who has seen or used our product, from professional athletes to fitness enthusiasts, has fallen in love. 
 
At Tonal, we are applying our collective knowledge and creativity to reimagine fitness. We know firsthand that too many hurdles stand between each of us and our fitness goals. Drawing on decades of research and a diverse team of experts, we have created the most advanced strength training system available that makes working out more efficient, effective, and engaging. 
 
We're passionate about building products that transform people's lives. 
Overview 
Tonal is looking for an organized and detail-oriented professional to help support all aspects of our video production workflow and processes, support the implementation and execution of new systems and provide support to the Senior Production Manager in the functions of pre-production, studio/field production and post-production. 
You will be the primary support person to the Senior Production Manager on all aspects of production and studio operations. Responsible for carrying out the daily tasks in supporting our studio and field productions. 
You will work on a creative and growing LA-based video production team, focused on inventing and innovating brand-new forms of production. We focus on innovation, organization and extremely high quality, stretching what we’re doing creatively while being extremely detail oriented along the way. 
What You Will Do 
Responsible for execution of all tasks and documentation needed to support the Senior Production Manager and Production Team in all aspects of physical production planning, prepping and execution.
 Manage all tasks and documents/details involved in ongoing studio production
 Coordinate all field shoots as needed Assist in creating and coordinating all talent and crew booking schedules Create call sheets, calendar invites and all support documents, as needed Request and acquisition of all certificates of insurance needed for vendors Handle additional requests as needed to support the daily operation of the studio and its shoots 
Who You Are 
Extremely organized, a passion for the details and keeping everything running smoothly Ability to work well under pressure and keep a cool head, fostering a positive creative environment Can work independently (self-starting) and within a team At least 2-4 years of physical production experience Experience in various production environments, from small to large Up to date on all the latest production workflow tools Experience communicating and coordinating with talent and crew Experience creating spreadsheets and documents Experience with or interest in learning Project Management tools 
Tonal is committed to meeting the diverse needs of people with disabilities in a timely manner that is consistent with the principles of independence, dignity, integration and equality of opportunity. Should you have any accommodation requests, please reach out to us via our confidential email, accessibility@tonal.com. All requests will be addressed and responded to in accordance with Tonal’s Accessibility Policy and local legislation. Tonal 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Production Coordinator jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at Tonal in Los Angeles, CA Production Coordinator salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Tonal 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
