
 
 
 
 Software Engineering for Cloud and Xeon Server Solutions - Hillsboro, OR 97124 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineering for Cloud and Xeon Server Solutions Intel 5,441 reviews Hillsboro, OR 97124 Intel 5,441 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
Join a team whose mission is to develop unique, innovative solutions for Xeon, Xeon test, Cluster Health Management, software optimization for Xeon, Cloud engineering (including virtualization / containers / hypervisors) and more. 
 
If you are passionate about creating solutions and technical pathfinding and, are passionate about writing, testing and deploying software as part of a high performing team, please apply and let's have a chat about you and the team and how this might be the best opportunity for you in 2021. 
 
Please apply if you're excited to hear more about what we have to offer. 
 
The ideal candidate is a passionate Technologist who exhibits the following traits: 
Demonstrable coding skills, including cloud and platform solutions. 
Significant leadership of programs, projects and initiatives 
Strong background in collaborative project execution as part of a product team. 
Fast learner with the capability to synthesize and communicate new innovations 
Qualifications 
Bachelor of Science Computer Science or related field 
15+ years of experience in platform and/or cloud software. 
Software development in C or the Rust programming language 
Xeon / x86 architecture 
Xeon platform design and architecture 
Cluster Server technologies - orchestration, virtualization, containers 
Linux environment and development skills 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Platforms Engineering and Architecture (DPEA) Group invents, designs & builds the world's most critical computing platforms which fuel Intel's most important business and solve the world's most fundamental problems. DPEA enables that data center which is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Other Locations 
 
United Kingdom, Great Britain 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. 
Position of Trust 
 
This role is a Position of Trust. Should you accept this position, you must consent to and pass an extended Background Investigation, which includes (subject to country law), extended education, SEC sanctions, and additional criminal and civil checks. For internals, this investigation may or may not be completed prior to starting the position. For additional questions, please contact your Recruiter.... Intel 3 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Hillsboro, OR Jobs at Intel in Hillsboro, OR Software Developer salaries in Hillsboro, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,441 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
