
 
 
 
 Sr Product Manager - Marketplace Matching - San Francisco, CA 94103 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr Product Manager - Marketplace Matching Uber 2,923 reviews San Francisco, CA 94103 Uber 2,923 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Uber marketplace globally unlocks opportunity for riders, eaters, earners and businesses at an unprecedented scale. Marketplace matching connects earners looking for work with customers looking for transportation/delivery at the push of a button. We leverage cutting edge technology to expand access, provide choice and transparency while maintaining a reliable and high throughput marketplace. 
About the Role 
As a Product Manager for Marketplace Matching, you will be responsible for strategy and development of technology that connect customers and earners in the most delightful and efficient way possible. You will leverage optimization, artificial intelligence and innovative design thinking collaborating cross functionally to improve experience for earners and customers while improving topline/bottomline for the largest gig-economy company in the world. 
What you'll do 
Define the roadmap and lead execution of matching products that impact drivers, couriers, riders and eaters. 
Work closely with pricing, driver, rider, legal and operations teams to deliver scalable delightful experiences that drive marketplace efficiency. 
Execute rapidly while maintaining a northstar aligned with Uber's mission and strategies. 
Balance trade offs nimbly across experience, top/bottom line, regulatory risk and platformization. 
Drive cross-functional teams to set qualitative objectives and quantitative goals. Requires collaborating with and challenging all members of cross functional teams (e.g. design, engineering, data science, legal, etc.) to think boldly and creatively and channel that energy into concrete and rapid execution. 
Maintain, monitor and measure the performance of launched products and funnel learnings back into product development and innovation. 
Communicate product opportunities, challenges, plans, benefits and results to the appropriate audience at the appropriate time. 
Basic Qualifications: 
Minimum of 4 years experience in Product Management delivering successful and innovative products 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Strong customer empathy, with an ability to transform complex data and customer insights into a prioritized roadmap 
Leadership and communication. Proven ability to work collaboratively with technical and non-technical team members up to and including the executive-level 
Strong communication & partnership skills - this will be an extremely cross-functional role, with more than a handful of core stakeholder teams. 
Experience partnering with cross-functional teams of engineers, data scientists, and designers to deliver extraordinary products 
Entrepreneurial spirit and a thirst for learning. 
Academic background or equivalent work experience in computer science, data science, statistics, economics or engineering highly preferred 
At Uber, we ignite opportunity by setting the world in motion. We take on big problems to help drivers, riders, delivery partners, and eaters get moving in more than 10,000 cities around the world. 
We welcome people from all backgrounds who seek the opportunity to help build a future where everyone and everything can move independently. If you have the curiosity, passion, and collaborative spirit, work with us, and let's move the world forward, together. 
Uber is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing the form. Uber 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Product Manager jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Uber in San Francisco, CA Senior Product Manager salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Uber Uber 2,923 reviews At Uber, we ignite opportunity by setting the world in motion. We take on big problems to help drivers, riders, delivery partners, and ea... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
