
 
 
 
 Director of Business Intelligence, Analytics and Reporting - Dayton, OH 45414 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director of Business Intelligence, Analytics and Reporting VineBrook Homes 33 reviews Dayton, OH 45414 Remote VineBrook Homes 33 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE, ANALYTICS AND REPORTING-IT 
VineBrook Homes is an internally managed real estate investment company, focused on acquiring, renovating, leasing and operating single-family homes as rental properties. An early investor and developer of the Single-Family Rental home (SFR) asset class, we commenced operations in late 2007. Our proven, yield-focused investment strategy targets a unique opportunity building a portfolio of workforce SFR assets in key secondary and tertiary markets. Our growing SFR REIT portfolio is currently comprised of approximately 14,000 homes. VineBrook Homes is undergoing a major expansion of its strategy, expecting to drive toward 25,000+ homes. 
POSITION SUMMARY
 The Director of Business Intelligence is responsible for the design, implementation and optimization of a business intelligence strategy focused on providing business operations leaders with the data, analysis, and reporting needed to guide the business forward. As the Director of Business Intelligence, you will partner with our Chief Technology Officer, other Executives, and Department Managers to guide the organizations use of data, analytics, and reporting to drive business strategy, increase automation, and enhance both internal and external customer experience. This role requires working closely with key stakeholders, collecting requirements, and producing deliverables in the form of raw datasets, reports, dashboards, and analytical solutions that will be used to drive business decisions. You will oversee the organizations data warehouse, design/implement a data governance strategy, and ensure that our data, reporting, and analytics program is in alignment with operational compliance and IT controls. Drawing on your experience and expertise, you will demonstrate thought leadership, manage/lead complex projects, build relationships across the organization, and build a high-performance team. 
This position will be based out of our corporate headquarters in Dayton, OH with consideration given to remote/work-from-home candidates that reside in cities where Vinebrook Homes has operations including Columbus, OH, St. Louis MO, Columbia, SC, Cincinnati, OH, and other great cities throughout the mid-west and southeastern US, visit our website at vinebrookhomes.com for details. 
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
 Collaborate across the organization to ensure the business analytics & reporting team develops meaningful reporting and insights, and can translate data that helps drive the business operations growth and needs 
Develop, define, report, and monitor key management metrics around the health of the data warehouse, self-service analytics, and data integration environments 
Deliver reporting and analytics to help the business operate more effectively, understand what business questions need to be answered and how to unlock the data to get the answers 
Manage executive level reports and dashboards clearly communicating insights and recommendations 
Develop a deep understanding of systems and processes in order to extract insights from existing data 
Recommend and help implement solutions that improve business decision making through quantitative and qualitative data 
Enable confidence in the data by providing actionable insights from the accuracy of the data, fostering opportunities for efficiency gains, and by introducing solutions to scale current operations 
Maintain a high-performance team and work environment enabling operational objectives and acquisition/retention of people resources 
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 
At least 10 years' experience working in analytics, business intelligence, AI, and data warehousing 
At least 5 years leadership experience in IT, Business Intelligence, or Data Warehousing with proven ability to develop a team and execute on strategy 
Deep experience with Rational Database Management System (RDBMS) technologies including SQL Server, Oracle, and/or MySQL 
Experience with data visualization tools including Tableau, Power BI, and/or Business Objects is required 
Experience with ETL Tools such as SSIS, Scribe, Tibco, or MuleSoft is required 
Exposure to big data, machine learning and artificial intelligence helpful 
Property Management, Construction, or Real Estate experience helpful but not required 
Bachelor's degree in in a mathematics, statistics, economics, computer science, operations research, or technical discipline 
Available Mon-Fri during core business hours Central/Eastern Standard Time 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION/BENEFITS 
We offer industry competitive wages and benefits. Comprehensive training is offered to all employees, with additional education offered to those interested in greater opportunities. Each employee must pass a national background check and full panel drug screening. 
OTHER DUTIES 
Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. 
We recognize that people come with a wealth of experience and talent beyond just the technical requirements of the job. If your experience is close to what you see listed here, please still consider applying. Diversity of experience and skills combined with passion is a key to innovation and excellence; therefore, we encourage people from all backgrounds to apply to our positions. Please let us know if you require accommodations during the interview process.
 We are an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants shall be considered for all positions without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other status protected by federal, state or local law. We are also a Drug Free Work Place. Qualified applicants will also be required to pass a drug screening before receiving an offer or beginning employment. Refusal to submit to testing will result in disqualification of further employment consideration. VineBrook Homes 8 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Director of Analytics jobs in Dayton, OH Jobs at VineBrook Homes in Dayton, OH Director of Analytics salaries in Dayton, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from VineBrook Homes VineBrook Homes 33 reviews VineBrook Homes is an internally managed Midwest/Heartland-based real estate investment company, focused on acquiring, renovating, leasin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
