
 
 
 
 Firewall Engineer - Atlanta, GA 30328 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Firewall Engineer Capgemini 8,227 reviews Atlanta, GA 30328 Capgemini 8,227 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :12+Months 
Responsibilities : 
The Palo Alto firewall engineer in the EMEA in region will be leading and performing the planning, setup, and migrations of legacy firewall platforms to Palo Alto Next Generation Firewalls.
 Once the legacy code is migrated, the firewall engineer will use Palo Alto expedition to analyze the legacy firewall code and develop detailed recommendations and implementation plans for APP-ID Adoption, Rule Enrichment, and Machine Learning rule replacement and consolidation.
 Finally, the engineer will lead the code enhancements as recommended. The resource will report on status, identify risk, and give updates to the Regional Lead. 
Requirements : 
Certified Palo Alto firewall professional with extensive experience migrating multiple vendor platforms to Palo Alto NGFWs using Expedition and Panorama.
 In addition to the migration of complex legacy firewall code, the engineer must also have proven experience analyzing migrated firewall code and developing written recommendations and implementation plans for APP-ID Adoption, Rule Enrichment, and Machine Learning rule replacement and consolidation. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Firewall Engineer jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Capgemini in Atlanta, GA Firewall Engineer salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,227 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
