
 
 
 
 Senior Reliability Engineer - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Reliability Engineer NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description For two decades, NVIDIA has pioneered visual computing, the art and science of computer graphics. With our invention of the GPU - the engine of modern visual computing - the field has expanded to encompass personal computer games, movie production, product design, medical diagnosis and scientific research. Today, visual computing is becoming increasingly central to how people interact with technology, and there has never been a more exciting time to join our team. NVIDIA is now focused on innovation at the intersection of visual processing, high performance computing, and artificial intelligence.
 We are now looking for a Senior Reliability Engineer at NVIDIA to join our growing team in Santa Clara, CA.
 What you'll be doing:
 Design for Reliability (DfR) consultation primarily for PCBA (board) and System products but extending to electronic components and subassemblies.
 Work with design and operations teams to create PCBA (board) and System reliability test plans for various products such as GPU, Server, Automotive, Gaming, and Embedded.
 Develop and assess reliability plan for various mechanical components including heatsinks, thermal interface materials (TIMs) , adhesives used in GPU cards and automotive modules.
 Coordinate and conduct PCBA reliability testing in internal and external laboratories.
 Work with suppliers and partners to perform reliability qualification of third party’s key components including memory, regulator, power IC and connectors.
 Model field RMA data as compared to testing data.
 Perform FEA to assist PCBA and System mechanical structural design.
 Analyze and track failure patterns of solder joints from large number of test data.
 What we need to see:
 MS/Ph.D. in related fields such as physical engineering, mechanics, mechanical, materials or electrical engineering or equivalent experience.
 Minimum of 5 years working experience in reliability engineering related to PCBA & Systems, electronic packaging and product modeling using DfR and FEA tools desired.
 Strong familiarity of statistics and reliability mathematics.
 Familiar with electronic packaging, reliability testing and failure analysis.
 Familiar with PCBA and reliability requirements for various IC packages.
 Deep knowledge of failure analysis for electronics products and components.
 Must be able to work independently with minimal supervision and drive projects to conclusion in an efficient and effective manner.
 You should be creative and have initiative..
 Quick thinking, good decision making and problem-solving skills.
 Ability to self-manage and show leadership.
 Excellent communication skills (written and oral) and have the ability to provide updates to senior management in a clear and concise manner.
 Track record of successful project execution in reliability and modeling.
 With competitive salaries and a generous benefits package, we are widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking people in the world working for us and, due to unprecedented growth, our business development teams are rapidly growing. If you're creative and autonomous with a real passion for you work, we want to hear from you.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Reliability Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Senior Reliability Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
