
 
 
 
 JavaScript Engineer - Phoenix, AZ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search JavaScript Engineer American Express 8,100 reviews Phoenix, AZ American Express 8,100 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description You Lead the Way. We’ve Got Your Back. 
 At American Express, we know that with the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. Whether we’re supporting our customers’ financial confidence to move ahead, taking commerce to new heights, or encouraging people to explore the world, our colleagues are constantly redefining what’s possible - and we’re proud to back each other every step of the way. When you join #TeamAmex, you become part of a diverse community of over 60,000 colleagues, all with a common goal to deliver an exceptional customer experience every day. 
 You won’t just build software, you'll impact lives daily. 
 You’ll shape the world of life, work and play. 
 Our Engineers not only understand how technology works, but how that technology intersects with the people who count on it every single day. Today, innovative ideas, insight and new perspectives are at the core of how we create a more powerful, personal and fulfilling experience for all our customers. So if you’re passionate about crafting breakthrough applications and making an impact on an audience of millions, look no further. 
 You won’t just keep up, you’ll break new ground. 
 At American Express, the Enterprise Platform team was established in 2018 to reimagine the platform solution-delivery model to dramatically improve our strategic agility, speed to market, effectiveness of delivery and transparency. Our teams build solutions by harnessing the power of Data, Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence to offer powerful selling and re-selling engines to acquire new clients and expand existing client relationships for 20K+ Sales, CRM, and Marketers around the world. 
 Here’s just some of what you’ll be doing: 
 Taking your place as a core member of an agile team driving the latest development practices 
 Build scalable services and components using modern languages 
 Write functional code to team standards, ideally using TDD 
 Work with quality engineers to ensure all code produced is robustly tested 
 Develop knowledge of partner products, domains and the digital acquisition space 
 Provide innovative ideas to solve technical challenges 
 Participate and engage in agile ceremonies 
 Contribute to a healthy, diverse team dynamic 
 Minimum Qualifications 
Minimum Qualifications 
 A proactive mind-set and the drive to work within a team to deliver 
 2-3 years of hands on experience with JavaScript languages (e.g. React, Redux) 
 Knowledge in building clear, well defined APIs is a plus 
 A keenness to learn new technologies and be able to articulate technical concepts to colleagues 
 Knowledge about building with RESTful web services, Kafka, or other messaging technologies 
 Be able to communicate clearly with multiple stakeholders across the Technology and Product teams 
 It would be great if you have: 
 2 years of experience with multiple programming languages (e.g. Java, JavaScript,), functional programming, asynchronous programming, the concepts of clean code 
 An understanding of product development concepts, e.g. minimum viable product, design sprints, prototyping, A/B testing, etc. 
 ‘Full Stack’ experience in a complicated, integrated environment within a large commercial organization 
 A drive and passion to automate systems, improve reliability and challenge processes with the goal of continuous improvement. 
 Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions. 
 American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law. 
 
ReqID: 21009365 
Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time 
Date Posted: May 12, 2021, 4:25:47 PMAmerican Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law. American Express 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Javascript Developer jobs in Phoenix, AZ Jobs at American Express in Phoenix, AZ Javascript Developer salaries in Phoenix, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from American Express American Express 8,100 reviews At American Express, we know that with the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. Whether we... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
