
 
 
 
 Senior Software Engineer - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Engineer Google 3,878 reviews San Francisco, CA Google 3,878 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations:  Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Sunnyvale, CA, USA 
Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience. 
 7 years of software development experience, or 5 years with an advanced degree. 
 Experience in Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go. 
 Experience in any of the following: web/mobile application development, Unix/Linux environments, distributed/parallel systems, information retrieval, networking, systems/security software development. 
 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Master’s, PhD degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field. 
 Experience developing accessible technologies. 
 Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed. 
 Ability to write in English fluently and idiomatically. 
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 
Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services. 
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. 
Responsibilities 
 Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.
 Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.
 Focus on overall product quality and user experience. 
 Take initiative and be responsible for technical solutions to data quality and workflow challenges. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Google in San Francisco, CA Senior Software Engineer salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,878 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
