
 
 
 
 Software Engineer III, Front End - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer III, Front End Google 3,878 reviews Atlanta, GA Google 3,878 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location for this position from the following:  Irvine, CA, USA; Atlanta, GA, USA; Cambridge, MA, USA 
Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 
 3 years of professional software development experience, or 1 year with an advanced degree. 
 Experience in JavaScript, and one or more programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, Python, or Go.
 Experience with front end technologies and/or front end frameworks. 
 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Experience with the latest web standards, including HTML5 and CSS3.
 Knowledge of web libraries and frameworks such as AngularJS, Polymer, Closure or Backbone.
 Familiarity with the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques.
 Understanding of the principles of accessibility and can build products that are accessible to users with disabilities.
 Excellent sense of web design and attuned to the fundamentals of user experience.
 Ability to write in English fluently.
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 
As a Front End Software Engineer at Google, you will specialize in building responsive and elegant web applications that scale to millions of users in dozens of languages. 
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. 
Responsibilities 
 Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.
 Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.
 Be responsible for server-side and client-side feature work.
 Identify and establish patterns and best practices for building excellent web experiences.
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Google in Atlanta, GA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,878 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
