
 
 
 
 Research Scientist - Artificial Intelligence & Numerical Simulations - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist - Artificial Intelligence & Numerical Simulations Siemens 10,522 reviews United States Remote Siemens 10,522 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are looking for hardworking Research Scientists and Staff Research Scientists with deep know-how and interest in AI and Numerical Simulations, who would like to join our Design and Simulation Systems Research Group of the “Simulation and Digital Twin” Technology Field! This positions offers remote flexibility, so if you are comfortable working remotely we are too! 
We need your help to build the world's most sophisticated modeling and simulation software stack to enable seamless and instantaneous design and simulation of engineering products and systems, in collaboration with our partner startups, leading academic institutions and government agencies. We are currently bringing onboard talented scientists like you to research and create a platform to enable a completely new design workflow, through faster than real time simulations and easy assimilation of contextual information! 
The Challenge 
In this role you will: 
 
Collaborate with the team to fulfill our vision by developing novel fast and accurate simulation approaches. 
 Utilize your knowledge of physics modeling, numerical solvers and AI-based acceleration techniques for evaluating existing and conceiving innovative approaches for quick performance prediction 
Prototype, implement and evaluate the most promising algorithms for the numerical solution to real-world physical problems. 
 Build Siemens-internal network to acquire and lead research projects to advance the technology and secure innovation 
 Participate and lead projects with Siemens businesses, including research & development as well as technical consulting 
 Communicate complex ideas and testing results effectively, both orally and in writing, and provide recommendations and support to internal engineering teams through accurate and effective written documentation 
 Publish results in leading conferences and journals 
 Collaborate with others, both within and outside Siemens, to develop successful research proposals for external funding that align with Siemens strategic direction 
 Maintain and grow the existing network with academia and research community. 
 Assist developing brand recognition externally by networking with industry experts, attending conferences and partnering with universities in the US 
 
The Candidate 
Qualified candidates will have: 
 
Research Scientists must have a PhD in engineering, Mathematics, Computer Science, Physics, Engineering or equivalent, with 2+ years of related experience. Staff Research Scientists must have a PhD with 6+ years of related experience. 
 Strong background in AI/Machine Learning, with Graduate research and internship experience in the field, and deep understanding of the algorithms. 
Strong mathematical fundamentals, including but not limited to numerical methods for multi-fidelity and multi-scale mathematical models, including Partial Differential Equations, linear algebra, optimization. 
 Familiarity with existing real-time physics solver approaches. Research and development of novel real-time physics solvers is a plus. 
 Experience in coding in Python, R, C++ and ability to write high quality code 
 Familiarity with AI/ML tools and packages like pyTorch, TensorFlow, Scikit-learn, Weka, Caffe, et al 
Familiarity implementing numerical solvers for the solution of large problems with parallel programming on CPU and GPU computer architectures is a plus 
 Proven ability to conceive and develop new research ideas as demonstrated by a strong publication record in top journals, successful grant proposals or other request for funding. 
 Established networks within US academia/research institutions including public funded project proposal writing 
 Good communication and organization skills, with a logical approach to problem solving, good time management and task prioritization skills, with motivation to learn and use new technologies, work under uncertainty at fast pace, and ability to multitask and make key contributions to several projects 
 
Successful candidate must be able to work with controlled technology in accordance with US Export Control Law. US Export Control laws and applicable regulations govern the distribution of strategically important technology, services and information to foreign nationals and foreign countries. Siemens may require candidates under consideration for employment opportunities to submit information regarding citizenship status to allow the organization to comply with specific US Export Control laws and regulations. Additional information on the US Export Control laws & regulations can be found onhttps://www.bis.doc.gov/index.php/policy-guidance/deemed-exports/deemed-exports-faqs 
About Us 
We want to provide our customers with the best in class technology to leverage digital twins and simulation models in the easiest and most valuable way possible. Our team explores synergies between physics modeling, artificial intelligence, software development and design concepts to create the next generation tools for product design and virtual evaluations. With your help we are going to achieve our mission! 
Our research team is located in beautiful Princeton, NJ, a university town packed with exceptional international talent that provides a unique feel of this true cultural gem in the state. The town has plenty of activities to offer, but for those looking for more, New York City and Philadelphia are just a short hour drive away with robust public transportation available. We have the best public schools in the country and the area is glued together by a very active and welcoming community. 
We also offer a generous remote working environment as well as robust health and wellness benefits to promote healthy living and support the best lifestyle for you and your family. 
 Join Us 
 At Siemens we are always challenging ourselves to build a better future. We need the most innovative and diverse Digital Minds to develop tomorrow‘s reality. Find out more about the Digital world of Siemens here: www.siemens.com/careers/digitalminds 
We are more than employees; we are actively helping to make people’s lives a little better every day. Would you like to be a part of that? Then join us. We offer you a high level of practical relevance as well as an opportunity to individually contribute your knowledge and your visions around the world. Whether you’re helping to develop products for the operating units or working in interdisciplinary projects for the business areas: At Technology you’ll be working in the heart of Siemens’ technological research together with the best. 
#LI-DM4 
Organization:  Technology 
Company:  Siemens Corporation 
Experience Level:  Experienced Professional 
Job Type:  Full-time 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law. 
 
 EEO is the Law 
Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here. 
 
 Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision 
Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here. 
 
 California Privacy Notice 
California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here. Siemens 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in United States Jobs at Siemens in United States Research Scientist salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Siemens Siemens 10,522 reviews Siemens AG is a German engineering conglomerate, the largest of its kind in Europe. Siemens has international headquarters located in Ber... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
