
 
 
 
 Human Factors Researcher - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Human Factors Researcher Apple 10,208 reviews Seattle, WA Apple 10,208 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  Mar 8, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200220922 
Apple’s AI/ML team is looking for a Sr. Human Factors Researcher to support the development of products and experiences powered by artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML).
This is an active role with a wide range of responsibilities and collaborators. The AI/ML development process spans many disciplines of human study and involves hundreds of technical and creative collaborators across Apple. Quick thinking, comfort with ambiguity, a keen attention to the impact of bias, and a creative approach to solving problems are crucial to success.
An ideal candidate is a skilled storyteller fascinated by people. They are technical, with a deep familiarity of ML development, but also heavily rely on intuition and empathy for others. They approach research with curiosity and an appreciation for the infinite ways the human experience can vary. Readily moving between minute details and big ideas, they advocate for all people at every step in the process, engaging others in productive debate. 
Key Qualifications 
Experience generating datasets and developing AI/ML products with technical and creative partners 
Proficiency in a wide variety of qualitative and quantitative research methods and subsequent analysis 
Excellent communication/interpersonal skills 
Description 
Some responsibilities include:
• Develop human-centered metrics and analyses to evaluate AI/ML products and experiences
• Plan, conduct and manage small-to-extremely-large scale research of qualitative and quantitative data
• Analyze and present insights from human research in clear, concise and compelling forms
• Reveal and minimize bias in the AI/ML development process to reinforce human-centered values
• Advocate for the unique experiences of people throughout design and development 
Education & Experience PhD in Human Factors, Data Science, Ergonomics, Human-Computer Interaction, Machine Learning, Cognitive / Experimental Psychology or Anthropology and 1-3 years of industry experience OR BA/BS or Masters in related field and 3-5 years industry experience is preferred Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Apple in Seattle, WA Researcher salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,208 reviews This is where you can do the best work of your life. Where you’ll join some of the world’s smartest, most innovative people to create ama... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
