
 
 
 
 Senior Manager, Operational Excellence - Folsom, CA 95630 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Manager, Operational Excellence Micron 1,039 reviews Folsom, CA 95630 Micron 1,039 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Micron’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.  Join an inclusive team focused on one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can spark the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Req. ID: 288026 
Senior Manager, Operational Excellence 
 The EBU Operational Excellence Manager will be responsible for tracking and driving accountability to performance to Business Plan targets across the Embedded Business Unit (EBU). As part of this role, the manager will manage key processes and indicators within EBU, including tracking the BU’s Progress to the Plan, drive reporting to the Corporate team and own process and program improvements. As a member of the EBU Extended Staff, the manager will run key staff operations on behalf of the VP and GM and help drive increased accountability within EBU through the establishment of business requirements and priorities. In addition to those duties, the operational manager will own specific projects and processes within the Strategy and Planning team, driving specific programs to successful completion. The successful candidate will lead efficiency and effectiveness improvements in business processes and performance using data-driven analysis to identify and track areas of improvement and drive increased accountability within the organization. The Operational Excellence manager will combine strong program management skills with the ability to synthesize and analyze data and ideas to formulate concise and clearly communicated plans and actions. They will also prepare and/or drive development of presentation materials and white papers for all levels of the organization, up to and including the CEO and Board. 
 The ideal candidate will hold a BA/BS, preferable in a technical field and/or coupled with an MBA, and experience in the memory, storage semiconductor, automotive or industrial electronics industry. Candidates must have strong project management skills, effective written and verbal communication skills, keen analytical ability, and be comfortable working with executive management. Ideal candidates should also have experience in various aspects of the semiconductor product life cycle, have broad experience in operations, or experience in semiconductor marketing or applications engineering. Experience in the Embedded marketplace, including the Automotive and Industrial segments, are highly desirable and will contribute to the candidate’s success in this role. 
 About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
Micron prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and other international and industry labor standards. 
Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron. 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Keywords: Folsom || California (US-CA) || United States (US) || SGA || Experienced || Regular || Communications || Not Applicable || Tier 5 || Micron 24 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Operational Manager jobs in Folsom, CA Jobs at Micron in Folsom, CA Senior Operational Manager salaries in Folsom, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Micron 1,039 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
