
 
 
 
 Advanced Computer Scientist, Natural Language Processing - Menlo Park, CA 94025 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Advanced Computer Scientist, Natural Language Processing SRI International 137 reviews Menlo Park, CA 94025 SRI International 137 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Menlo Park, CA, San Diego, CA 
 Job Description 
 SRI International's Artificial Intelligence Center (AIC) is seeking researchers in the area of natural language processing (NLP) to work in the Advanced Analytics group in San Diego, California. 
 
We are seeking innovators to develop cutting-edge artificial intelligence solutions for a broad range of problems involving human language. Past and present research in the group spans a wide range of use cases, including: automated understanding of the biological or chemistry literature; extraction from textual procedures; automatic induction of linguistic structure and semantics from text corpora; and models of idea propagation and influence in online communities. Successful applicants will work as part of a team to address challenging problems for commercial and government clients. There are multiple positions available requiring experience in any or all of the following areas: computational linguistics, empirical natural language processing, text mining, computational socio-linguistics, and multi-source data processing (images, audio, video, text, etc.). 
 Qualifications 
 Candidates for the position should have: 
 An advanced degree (Master’s required, Ph.D. preferred) in Computer Science or a related field Experience in applying machine learning to real-world problems involving natural language An ability to use, adapt, and extend approaches described in the scientific literature relevant to NLP Strong computational and mathematical skills, with demonstrated programming experience Excellent oral and written communication skills The ability to work effectively with diverse groups of people 
Though the Advanced Analytics group is located in SRI’s San Diego office, the option exists to work in SRI’s headquarters in Menlo Park, California. 
 Employment Status 
 Full Time
 Other Requirements 
 -There are no additional requirements for this position.
 EOE/AA 
 SRI is an Equal Opportunity Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class.
 Background Check 
 Candidates who receive a conditional offer of employment will be subject to a background check.
 Auto req ID 
 2723BR SRI International 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Computer Scientist jobs in Menlo Park, CA Jobs at SRI International in Menlo Park, CA Computer Scientist salaries in Menlo Park, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from SRI International SRI International 137 reviews SRI International (SRI) is an American nonprofit research institute headquartered in Menlo Park, California. The trustees of Stanford Uni... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
