
 
 
 
 Project Manager - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Project Manager Lionbridge Technologies San Jose, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Lionbridge enables more than 800 world-leading brands to increase international market share, speed adoption of products and effectively engage their customers in local markets worldwide. Using our innovative cloud technology platforms and our global crowd of more than 100,000 professional cloud workers, we provide translation, digital marketing, global content management and application testing solutions that ensure global brand consistency, local relevancy and technical usability across all touch points of the customer lifecycle. Based in Waltham, Mass., Lionbridge maintains solution centers in 28 countries. 
 
Employee Sub-Group: Regular FT Salaried
 
Work Schedule:
 
Location: San Jose , California
 
Position Title: Project Manager 
 
Req: 32206
 
 
As a Project Manager, you will be responsible for the day-to-day management of one or more complex programs. You may also manage Project Coordinator(s) assisting with projects. The role requires class-leading customer engagement involving strong written and verbal communication skills, ability to empathize with and respond to customers' needs, problem-solving skills and the ability to function effectively in a fast-moving, rapidly changing environment. Collaboration with multi-location and cross-functional teams will be key to maintain and improve customer satisfaction, revenue and profitability.
 
 
 Primary Responsibilities
 
 Recognize customer needs and proactively focus on fulfilling these needs through innovative thinking and collaboration with internal technical, production, quality and management teams.
 Own and maintain project financials, including revenue recognition, revenue forecasting and customer billing.
 Collaborate with internal teams to initiate and implement procedural changes and customized workflows.
 Review customer satisfaction regularly.
 While working with our local and off-shore teams, plan and monitor projects to meet deadlines, quality and budget requirements. Focus on continuous improvements and cost saving measures.
 Optimization through automation - provide innovative solutions to improve processes. 
 
 
 Minimum Requirements
 
 3 - 5 years of experience a Project Manager, ideally in Machine Learning or similar environment/domain.
 Experience in crowd or data collection projects involving text, speech, image or video, is an advantage.
 General knowledge of artificial intelligence and machine learning is an advantage
 Experience in managing global projects with an extended complexity.
 Technical proficiency (including spreadsheets, Office tools, Google Suite).
 Fluency in English is a must.
 Experience in financial management and budgeting.
 Experience in managing small teams.
 Problem solving skills.
 Innovative approach.
 Ability to optimize tasks and processes.
 Proactivity. 
 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. Lionbridge Technologies 2 days ago original job Report job Project Manager jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Lionbridge Technologies in San Jose, CA Project Manager salaries in San Jose, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
