
 
 
 
 Phone Systems Engineer - Dallas, TX 75206 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Phone Systems Engineer CALL BOX 8 reviews Dallas, TX 75206 CALL BOX 8 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Description:
 
Car Wars exists to grow people. We believe that everyone wants to become a better version of themselves, and we work hard to provide a software and a culture that maximizes that growth mindset. We hire smart and ambitious doers and set them loose in an exciting and complex technology business where they will build, sell, and deploy Artificial Intelligence solutions in a dynamic business environment. Our solutions attack one of the biggest business problems in existence today: the phone. 
Our Phone System Engineer is a key player in supporting our customers and our sales teams. With a strong background in telephony and phone systems you will have the opportunity to troubleshoot complex telecommunications issues and coordinate with 3rd party support and team members to help our customers solve real and perceived problems. We're looking for independent and ambitious doers from leading companies who embody our culture and our core values. Will you grow with us? 
What you'll do: 
Use computer networking knowledge to troubleshoot all areas of small business and enterprise networks. 
Troubleshoot issues with Routers, Switches, Phones, Soft-phones, and other devices. 
Coordinate with 3rd party support and other team members to help customers solve actual or perceived issues. 
Navigate a complex phone system Onboarding process. 
Install — handsets and networking devices onsite. 
Build, test PBX — extension configuration, voicemail, schedule, dial plans, ring groups, call queues, devices, users, etc. 
Train end users - physical handsets, softphone application, admin users. 
. Requirements:
 
Our ideal candidates: 
Are professionals with 2-5 years of phone systems experience 
Have an Engineering or Business degree 
Thrive as an independent and proactive problem solver 
Have a willingness to travel up to 50% (~10 business days / month) 
Communicate effectively across various audiences including presentation skills 
Work well under pressure 
Navigate through uncertainty and able to think on their feet and multi-task 
What's In It For You: 
Competitive salary package (immediate PTO) 
Full medical and dental insurance plans 
Fidelity 401k with company match options 
Fun perks including a FitBit, a monthly gym reimbursement, a Kindle and a monthly reading allowance 
Opportunities for career growth 
Employee of the Month rewards, quarterly company events CENTURY INTERACTIVE COMPANY LC 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job System Engineer jobs in Dallas, TX Jobs at CALL BOX in Dallas, TX System Engineer salaries in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from CALL BOX 8 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
