
 
 
 
 Inbound Business Development Representative - Washington, DC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Inbound Business Development Representative TechSee Washington, DC Remote TechSee is a fast-growing startup that developed the world’s first visual tech assistant. We aim to make technology simpler for people using the power of video, augmented reality and Computer Vision AI (artificial intelligence). With TechSee’s patented solutions, customers can resolve issues without the need to call customer support or wait for a technician visit, by simply pointing their smartphone camera at a device and receiving visual, interactive guidance on how to install, troubleshoot, repair or otherwise work with it. TechSee’s award winning technology is implemented across 43 countries, with exponential growth in light of the huge demand in the market for remote contactless solutions.
 
 As an Inbound BDR : 
You'll be part of an exceptional team that is driving demand generation results supporting incredible recurring revenue growth. Joining a BD Team that has focused on outbound activities, TechSee is ready for a high-achieving individual to manage the inbound funnel and ensure the leads that we generate through a wide range of marketing activities are properly engaged and nurtured.
 The Inbound BDR will own key parts of TechSee’s sales and marketing processes. This is more than appointment-setting – you will play a critical role in filtering and nurturing inbound leads, and developing our Inbound strategy and tactics. This role works closely with the Director, Business Development and the Marketing Team, as well as our Account Executives who manage the active sales opportunities.
 
 What you'll do: 
Take an active role in shaping the way that the BDR team handles inbound leads
 
Qualify inbound leads (including demo requests, resource downloads, webinar and event registrants)
 
Execute phone, email and LinkedIn outreach
 
Maintain high MQL > SQL conversion rates
 
Manage and nurture inbound lead lists
 
Coordinate the handoff of mature leads to the Sales team
 
 Requirements: 
Bachelor’s Degree
 
Previous work experience in a inbound business development role for a software or tech start-up
 
Practical experience and best practices methodologies in converting inbound MQLs into SQLs
 
Highly skilled with personalizing the outreach according to each lead’s title, industry and activity
 
Strong written and verbal communication skills
 
The ability to work in a fast paced environment and to multitask
 
A desire to learn new concepts and work on new projects
 
Familiarity with CRMs and similar tools (Salesforce, Outreach, Sales Navigator, Hubspot a plus)
 
Familiarity with the demand generation funnel and the different marketing channels (e.g. Linkedin PPC, Google PPC, webinars)
 
A passion for giving value to customers based on your knowledge and experience around our products and services
 
What you’ll love about us
 
A team like a family - we’re a company of 90 and growing, which means you won’t be just another face in the crowd. Your TechSee co-workers are some of the brightest, funniest, and most innovative startup pros in the game.
 
Competitive salary and benefits package.
 
Working with a talented international team.
 
Work From Home with frequent virtual social activities to promote positive employee engagement.
 
Being part of a successful Series C startup with 54$ million raised.
 
Our product is used internationally by companies like TELUS, Verizon, HIPPO, Lennar, Vodafone, Hitachi, Samsung, Heineken and more! TechSee 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Development Representative jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at TechSee in Washington, DC Business Development Representative salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from TechSee Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
