
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence (AI) Advance - Front-end Developer - University Park, PA 16802 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence (AI) Advance - Front-end Developer Penn State University 1,413 reviews University Park, PA 16802 Penn State University 1,413 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION AND POSITION REQUIREMENTS:
 The Nittany Artificial Intelligence (AI) Alliance at The Pennsylvania State University (PSU) is looking for a talented and driven undergraduate student to join its Nittany AI Advance program for the Summer 2021 semester as a part - time Front - End Developer. The Front - End Developer intern will work on AI - related projects in an Agile software development team, collaborating with data scientists, a scrum master, and product owners, gaining hands - on experience that enhances their learning and marketability. Selected candidates will drive the creation of pr ototypes leveraging artificial intelligence and assist with the design of related cognitive modules. Specifically, the Front - End Developer will build upon wireframes and concepts created by a UX Designer leveraging technologies such as HTML, CSS, and JavaS cript. They will produce, modify, and maintain web application user interfaces. They will work with Data Scientists in back - end design, collaborating on APIs, data structure, and data integration. They will maintain software workflow, versioning, and testi ng during development and address any bugs. They will document all code according to common development best practices and create technical documentation of project work to facilitate knowledge sharing. A portfolio of prior work demonstrating command of be st practices and front - end design principles is required for consideration. Experience with HTML5 and CSS is highly beneficial; Experience with modern JavaScript and related frameworks is highly beneficial; Experience with Python is a plus; Experience with responsive design and CSS frameworks like Bootstrap is a plus; Experience with a code versioning tool such as GitHub is a plus; Experience with cloud computing and storage services, especially Amazon Web Services (AWS), is a plus; Experience with containe rization technologies such as Docker or Kubernetes is a plus. Previous experience in Agile teams or collaborating with UI/UX designers and data scientists is a plus. This is a part - time position working 15 - 20 hours per week at $15.00 per hour from the star t of the PSU Summer 2021 semester through August 2021. The Advance program has been designed to provide internship credit for most PSU colleges. Possibility for internship to extend into Fall semester based on Nittany AI Alliance workload and availabili ty of the candidate.
 CAMPUS SECURITY CRIME STATISTICS:
 Pursuant to the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act and the Pennsylvania Act of 1988, Penn State publishes a combined Annual Security and Annual Fire Safety Report (ASR). The ASR includes crime statistics and institutional policies concerning campus security, such as those concerning alcohol and drug use, crime prevention, the reporting of crimes, sexual assault, and other matters. The ASR is available for review here .
 Employment with the University will require successful completion of background check(s) in accordance with University policies.
 EEO is the Law
 Penn State is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, and is committed to providing employment opportunities to all qualified applications without regards to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identify, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you are unable to use our online application process due to an impairment or disability, please contact  814-865-1473 . 
 University Park, PA Penn State University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Front End Developer jobs in University Park, PA Jobs at Penn State University in University Park, PA Front End Developer salaries in University Park, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Penn State University Penn State University 1,413 reviews There’s a reason Penn State consistently ranks among the top one percent of the world’s universities. Across 24 campuses, our 100,000 stu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
