
 
 
 
 Product Designer - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Designer ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Seattle, WA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Anduril is a defense technology company, bringing Silicon Valley talent and funding to the defense sector. Our technology helps our customers tackle their toughest challenges by enabling them to make better, more informed decisions in life-and-death situations. We’ve assembled a diverse team of specialists in artificial intelligence, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics, and data analysis that are crafting software and hardware solutions to radically evolve the capabilities of the United States and our allies. If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact, come join Anduril and build the future of defense. 
ABOUT THE JOB 
Anduril’s recently founded Product Design team is seeking its first full-time Product Designers to grow our team. This is an opportunity to help craft Product Design from the ground up, from the team’s culture to the company’s design ethos and practice. At its core, Product Design is responsible for shipping an effective end-to-end user experience of our Lattice software platform to our customers. We partner with engineering, product management, and the business across all phases of product development—from ground truth need-finding and synthesis, to ideation and execution, to field testing and validation. 
With our focus on defense and national security, design plays a meaningful role in ensuring that front line decision makers have the best tools and information possible to swiftly understand a situation, evaluate courses of action, and act. In support of this mission, designers at Anduril own the end-to-end user experience of these tools. 
As a Product Designer in our fast-paced environment, you’ll bring your core design toolkit — interaction design, visual design, ideation, user research — and employ and adapt it in pursuit of end-user outcomes. Because we work fast across a variety of product areas, you’ll likely find yourself using that toolkit to traverse both strategic product thinking and tactical design execution. You’ll rapidly iterate with your teammates in order to exchange and incorporate feedback. With the radical ownership and autonomy that you’ll find at Anduril, you’ll use your decomposition and synthesis abilities to holistically understand user, product, and business problems at hand. You’ll also make use of your precise communication skills to advocate for product solutions that benefit the user, and collaborate across roles in order to execute and ship. 
 
 
What You'll Do 
Interaction design.  From pen and paper sketches to crisp high fidelity mockups, and from workflow architectures to the smallest micro-interactions you’ll construct intuitive workflows that handle complexity and serve your end user.
 Visual design.  You’ll wield your aesthetic sensibilities in order to best serve the function of your products. You’re able to put the right pixels on the screen to make your workflows precise, usable, and elegant.
 User research.  Because your responsibility is to the end user, you’ll drive the need-finding and validation processes for your work by getting onsite and conducting both generative and evaluative user research.
 Synthesis & Ideation.  You’ll take the signal you gather on user and business problems and distill it into impactful problems against which to align your team. You’ll drive collaborative, broad generation of ideas to define the solutions space. 
Rapid prototyping.  You’ll quickly make ideas real in order to evaluate and test them. Depending on the situation, this might involve pen and paper, Sketch and Principle, or front-end development in partnership with an engineer. 
Communication and relationship building.  Through mockups, prototypes, and written documents you’ll share your designs and ideas with relevant partners, seek critical feedback, and push the product forward. You’ll work closely with engineers to ground your designs in technical feasibility. You’ll work with PMs and business partners to prioritize and tie your work to user and business outcomes. 
Design collaboration.  As Product Design at Anduril grows, you’ll help define and drive team culture. You’ll participate in design critiques in order to better your and others’ work, and you’ll help level up people in other roles on collaborating with design. 
 Required Qualifications 
Design Tooling Proficiency.  Proven ability to execute on interaction and visual design using industry-standard design tools. At Anduril, we generally use Sketch for high fidelity mockups. 
Experience across the entire product development cycle.  A track record of crafting and shipping products that have been used by humans to achieve a goal. 
Familiarity with front-end software technologies.  A deep enough understanding about front-end web technologies and languages (HTML/CSS/Javascript/React) to consider capabilities and limitations, collaborate with engineers, and ultimately produce realistic designs. 
 Preferred Qualifications 
Front-end development proficiency.  This is not a requirement, but we value the ability to engage in the code in order to hold the quality bar on what we ship. 
 This position supports United States federal, state, and local government agency customers and may involve access to Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI), Covered Defense Information (CDI), and other technology, software, and information subject to export controls. Therefore, this position may require status as a “U.S. Person” as defined under government regulations or a Non-U.S. Person who is eligible to acquire required export authorization. If an export license or other authorization is required, Anduril reserves the right not to seek such a license for the applicant. Applicants will be required to submit appropriate documentation that verifies their eligibility under these standards. ANDURIL INDUSTRIES 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Designer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at ANDURIL INDUSTRIES in Seattle, WA Product Designer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
