
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Flight Autonomy - Irvine, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer - Flight Autonomy ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Irvine, CA Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Anduril is a defense technology company, bringing Silicon Valley talent and funding to the defense sector. Our technology helps our customers solve their toughest challenges by enabling them to make better, more informed decisions in life-and-death situations. We’ve assembled a diverse team of experts in artificial intelligence, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics, and data analysis that are creating software and hardware solutions to radically evolve the capabilities of the United States and our allies. If you are passionate about solving problems that have a real impact, come join Anduril and build the future of defense. 
SUMMARY / ABOUT THE JOB 
As a software engineer on the flight autonomy team, you will develop autonomous behaviors for unmanned aerial vehicles, integrating with on-board payload, sensor, and flight control systems. Our aircraft operate in remote environments with intermittent user input, driving the need for reliable interfaces for command and control and reduced cognitive load on the user. We build reliable systems for airspace management (control areas, landing zones, etc), terrain avoidance, precision landing, payload control, and perception-driven control algorithms. 
We develop state machines with traceable behavior to capture the correct modes of operation, fielding, and troubleshooting every day at our test site to harden critical logic. Our algorithms for control and guidance must be optimized for performance and latency on embedded systems while maintaining accuracy and precision. Our engineers develop robust ways to manage autonomous flight in complex environments while providing effective tools for the user to provide aircraft and payload commands. 
 REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS 
Experience and/or demonstrated interest in Robotics in one or more of the following or related areas: motion planning, finite state machines, dynamics and controls, multi-agent planning 
Aptitude in mathematical problem solving in areas including but not limited to: graph search, convex optimization, geometric methods, and kalman filters 
Experience in C++ software development for embedded Linux, with an emphasis on real-world systems integration problems and difficult projects, demonstrated in the context of internships, hackathons, or projects 
High rate of learning, experience divided over time delta must be high, i.e. we expect more if you’re deeper into your career 
Experience troubleshooting and analyzing remotely deployed software systems 
Passion for defending the United States and her allies 
Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. TS/SCI security clearance 
 PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 
Vehicle and sensor autonomy: C/C++ 
CLI tooling: Go/C++ 
APIs between assets and users: Protobuf 
Build Tooling: Nix/CMake 
Deployment tooling: NixOS/Kubernetes 
 Anduril is an equal-opportunity employer, and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. If you are someone passionate to work on problems that matter, we’d love to hear from you! ANDURIL INDUSTRIES 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Irvine, CA Jobs at ANDURIL INDUSTRIES in Irvine, CA Software Developer salaries in Irvine, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
