
 
 
 
 Jr Software Engineer - North Quincy, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Jr Software Engineer State Street 2,897 reviews North Quincy, MA State Street 2,897 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who we are looking for
 Software Developer will contribute to the development, enhancement and maintenance of Data Quality platforms as a member of an agile scrum team. This is an opportunity to work within a very strong development team and help to develop challenging new products in the financial space using cutting edge technology.
 What you will be responsible for
 As Software Developer you will
 Work independently to develop, test, and debug software enhancements and solutions within the business and technical problem domains
 Develop, test, debug, and implement software programs, applications and projects using cloud computing using Java, python or other related software engineering languages
 Write unit and automation tests to ensure a high quality end product
 Participate in code reviews
 Actively participate in the agile software development process by adhering to the scrum methodology including attending all daily standups, sprint planning, backlog grooming, and retrospectives
 Triage production issues by reviewing code and logs as needed and come up with solutions
 What we value
 These skills will help you succeed in this role
 Extensive Java n-tier application experience
 Programming skills
 JVM Languages
 Cloud Computing; Kubernetes, Kafka, Azure/AWS
 Snowflake
 Reactive programing, KSQL, Kstreams, Apache
 Education & Preferred Qualifications
 3 years of commercial software development, proficient in developing multi-tier solutions
 Experience in micro-services architecture and understanding of Cloud Computing is highly desirable
 BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent field
 Knowledgeable of commercial software development,
 Professional Java development experience, core Java and Multithreading
 Excellent communication skills (verbal and written), good interpersonal skills
 Ability to gather and understand requirements in the financial sector (Math background highly desirable)
 Able to work well with peers in a collaborative team environment
 Experience working with an Agile development methodology is desired
 Additional requirements
 Ability to analyze business requirements and develop solutions to the business needs
 Strong communication skills, self-motivated, detail oriented, and highly responsible.
 Strong collaboration skills, working with multiple teams in various locations in an agile environment.
 Why this role is important to us
 Our technology function, Global Technology Services (GTS), is vital to State Street and is the key enabler for our business to deliver data and insights to our clients. We’re driving the company’s digital transformation and expanding business capabilities using industry best practices and advanced technologies such as cloud, artificial intelligence and robotics process automation.
 We offer a collaborative environment where technology skills and innovation are valued in a global organization. We’re looking for top technical talent to join our team and deliver creative technology solutions that help us become an end-to-end, next-generation financial services company.
 Join us if you want to grow your technical skills, solve real problems and make your mark on our industry.
 About State Street
 What we do.  State Street is one of the largest custodian banks, asset managers and asset intelligence companies in the world. From technology to product innovation we’re making our mark on the financial services industry. For more than two centuries, we’ve been helping our clients safeguard and steward the investments of millions of people. We provide investment servicing, data & analytics, investment research & trading and investment management to institutional clients.
 Work, Live and Grow.  We make all efforts to create a great work environment. Our benefits packages are competitive and comprehensive. Details vary in locations, but you may expect generous medical care, insurance and savings plans among other perks. You’ll have access to flexible Work Program to help you match your needs. And our wealth of development programs and educational support will help you reach your full potential.
 Inclusion, Diversity and Social Responsibility.  We truly believe our employees’ diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspective are a powerful contributor to creating an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive and reach their maximum potential while adding value to both our organization and our clients. We warmly welcome the candidates of diverse origin, background, ability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and personality. Another fundamental value at State Street is active engagement with our communities around the world, both as a partner and a leader. You will have tools to help balance your professional and personal life, paid volunteer days, matching gift program and access to employee networks that help you stay connected to what matters to you.
 State Street is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.
 Discover more at StateStreet.com/careers State Street 20 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Junior Software Engineer jobs in North Quincy, MA Jobs at State Street in North Quincy, MA Junior Software Engineer salaries in North Quincy, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from State Street State Street 2,897 reviews From technology and product innovation to corporate responsibility and community development, we’re making our mark on the financial serv... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
