
 
 
 
 Director of Partnerships - Austin, TX 78704 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director of Partnerships LeanDNA, Inc. Austin, TX 78704 Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who is LeanDNA? 
LeanDNA is helping solve the $150B problem that global manufacturers face–excess inventory tying up critical working capital and keeping manufacturing companies from being as efficient as they need to be. Without an effective way to optimize inventory, manufacturers are buying too much, too little, or placing inventory in the wrong place at the wrong time. Companies are stuck fighting operational fires related to critical inventory shortages, creating delays in delivering their product to customers on time. 
LeanDNA's factory inventory optimization and shortage management solution quickly empowers supply chain professionals to dramatically reduce excess inventory, deliver on time, and establish operational command of their organization’s inventory operations. LeanDNA optimizes the inventory management process by adding the much-needed (and much-appreciated) artificial intelligence into the forgotten area of the business: The factory. It’s not just about smart inventory planning—true optimization occurs when procurement leaders have command over the operation, and the supply chain teams tasked with bringing those plans to life have total visibility, AI-driven recommendations, and a clear game plan for hitting their inventory goals every time. 
LeanDNA is rapidly growing, recently securing its Series B funding as they build the market for factory inventory optimization solutions for discrete manufacturers. Benefitting from very little direct competition, a tremendous ROI, rapid implementation, highly referenceable customers, and an addressable market of $1.7B in the U.S. alone, LeanDNA is well-positioned for rapid growth. Manufacturing sites across 17 countries rely on LeanDNA every day to optimize inventory and prevent shortages–and after a short 5-week implementation, they reduce inventory by 14% and shortages by 32% within the first year. 
What’s the Director of Partnerships role? 
Reporting to the VP Sales and Partnerships, our Director of Partnerships will be a team player, with an energetic personality and keen understanding of how to drive win-win partnerships. Our team is self-driven and motivated to drive innovation in the manufacturing industry as well as growth for our company. 
The Director of Partnership's primary responsibility is to help LeanDNA acquire new customers through indirect lead generation. Additionally, our Partner Program should improve market awareness and increased value to customers through combined solutions. 
What you’ll be doing: 
As an early-stage company, we're looking for people that are flexible, open-minded, and highly motivated. Your role will involve these key responsibilities: 
 
Drive indirect sales revenue by recruiting, on-boarding, training, and managing Systems Integrators, Consultants, and Technology Partners. 
 
Partner with Sales to drive sales cycle for partner sourced leads, driving alignment with the partner on how to co-selling with LeanDNA. 
 
Drive joint marketing initiatives through events and other marketing campaigns with partners. 
 
Work with the Sales, Product, and Client Success teams to ensure excellent on-boarding and customer support processes for mutual customers. 
 
Be an industry and LeanDNA technology expert that can demonstrate product knowledge and sell LeanDNA’s value to potential partners. 
 
Work closely with the VP of Sales and Partnerships to build the partnership program, from basic documentation and processes to world-class engagement with Global SI’s. 
 
 Requirements: 
 
Track record of over-achievement versus quota in a Channel Account Management role in a SaaS environment 
 
Knowledge selling enterprise SaaS solutions that involve both Line of Business and IT ownership 
 
Managing complex sales-cycles to acquire new partners and presenting to key business executives to drive 
 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Adept presenter 
 
Strong executive relationship building & selling skills 
 
Ability to quickly learn the product, industry, competitive landscape, differentiators, and the complex supply chain market 
 
Ability to identify and communicate win-win value propositions to partners in a diverse landscape of vendors and consultants 
 
5 years experience managing partnerships, preferably both technology and services based partnerships 
 
Knowledge of manufacturing and supply chain technology (ex. ERP) 
 
Experience building new partner program a plus 
 
This is a remote position. LeanDNA, Inc. 9 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Director of Partnerships jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at LeanDNA in Austin, TX Director of Partnerships salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from LeanDNA, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
