
 
 
 
 Machine Learning - Credit Risk - Miami, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning - Credit Risk The Check Cashing Store 76 reviews Miami, FL The Check Cashing Store 76 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Description 
Money Mart Financial Services is a leading provider of financial services in North America. For 40 years, we have been committed to providing financial solutions that meet the evolving needs of consumers and business owners. Backed by a retail network of over 700 locations and robust digital and mobile platforms, we provide access to cash and related products to help our customers achieve their goals. 
Our highly skilled workforce puts customers first in everything we do. We serve 2 million people annually with diverse and innovative financial products such as loans, check cashing, money transfer and prepaid cards. Through this ever-evolving suite of services, we empower customers to manage their finances and improve their lives. Wherever customers are on their financial journey, Money Mart Financial Services provides solutions. 
Job Description 
The AI/ML team is a newly formed team at Moneymart. The team is diverse, passionate and on a mission to build state of the art Artificial Intelligence(AI) and Machin Learning(ML) models that support all facets of the growing digital and retail business. We are just getting started on building a Machine Learning platform as well as customer 360 profile with modern technology so this is a huge opportunity to shape the future vision of the company. If you are looking for a growth opportunity and working with talented individuals come join us! We value collaboration, take ownership mindset and the importance of thinking like an engineer with the curiosity of a scientist. 
As a Credit Risk Scientist you will play a huge role not only with building models across our lending, portfolio but also be involved in deploying and monitoring of the models in production. 
What you will do : 
Responsible for developing and implementing our credit underwriting models 
Use machine learning (ML) to build credit underwriting models leveraging alternate and traditional data sets 
Use ML to segment our customers based on behavior and propensity to engage with our various lending products 
Recommend optimal segmentation strategy to build different models for different consumer segments 
Work on a modern AI/ML platform 
Use every dataset at disposal to build a feature store for AI/ML models as well as a customer 360 profile 
Set up testing infrastructure to test different underwriting and credit strategies for different lending products 
Conceive, design & monitor risk management strategies to improve business profitability in the areas of underwriting, credit line management, universe expansion and alternative data evaluation for lending. 
Qualifications 
5+ years consumer credit risk experience including building credit scorecards/scoring systems 
Hands on experience building credit underwriting models and feature engineering 
Familiarity with bureau data and alternate data is a strong requirement 
Strong development experience with Python is a must along with ML libraries (pandas, numpy, scikit learn, tensorflow) 
Familiarity with H2O, Azure ML and Amazon Services is a plus but not required 
Experience in SQL 
Ability to thrive in in a fast paced, team oriented environment 
Master’s degree or higher in a quantitative field such as Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Engineering 
Additional Information 
We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. 
I'm interested 
Cookies Settings The Check Cashing Store 25 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Miami, FL Jobs at The Check Cashing Store in Miami, FL Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Miami, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from The Check Cashing Store 76 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
