
 
 
 
 Associate Software Engineer - Burlington, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Software Engineer Nuance 473 reviews Burlington, MA Nuance 473 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Overview:
 
Nuance is the pioneer and leader in conversational artificial intelligence (AI) innovations that bring intelligence to everyday work and life. We deliver solutions that understand, analyze, and respond to people, amplifying human intelligence to increase productivity and improve security. With decades of both domain and AI expertise, we work with thousands of organizations across a wide range of industries. 
Check out our team  Life at Nuance ! 
Join our team! At Nuance, we are constantly reinventing how people connect with technology and with each other. Our AI-powered solutions empower organizations to transform “business as usual.” For decades, the world’s leading financial, healthcare, telecommunications, retailers, and government organizations have trusted Nuance to bring them award-winning solutions that deliver more meaningful outcomes and empower a smarter, more connected world. From clinical speech recognition technologies that free physicians to spend more time caring for patients to real-time intelligence that powers billions of customer interactions, we’re deeply committed to helping organizations push the boundaries of what’s possible. 
Job Summary:
 
Principal Duties and Responsibilities: 
Develop and produce high quality and well-documented code for our computer-aided physician documentation platform primarily in Ruby on Rails. 
Collaborate with Product Management and peer software engineers to design, develop, and implement features for our AI based Computer Assisted Physician Documentation solutions. 
Work with Product Management to analyze product requirements and customer needs, to help write both functional and technical specifications for application components as well as major features/versions. 
Participate in all phases of the software development and testing cycle as part of a multi-functional Scrum team. 
Implement and maintain both unit tests and automated functional test coverage in collaboration with other Scrum team members. 
Ability to learn and adapt new technologies quickly. 
Qualifications: 
Education :   Bachelor of Science in Computer Science or equivalent 
1+ year Ruby and Ruby on Rails experience 
Required Skills: 
Practical experience in Ruby on Rails 
Familiar with SQL 
Familiar with a hosted platform, such as Azure or AWS 
Good written and verbal communication skills 
Ability to work well both within and across Scrum teams 
Preferred Skills : 
Experience using Jira / Git or similar tools 
Javascript, React a plus 
Experience with distributed systems using HTTP/REST, WebSockets a plus 
Additional Information:
 
Nuance offers a compelling and rewarding work environment. We offer market competitive salaries, bonus, equity, benefits, meaningful growth and development opportunities and a casual yet technically challenging work environment. Join our dynamic, entrepreneurial team and become part of our continuing success. 
 Nuance celebrates diversity and is proud to be an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action workplace. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, military and veteran status, disability, genetics, or any other category protected by law or Nuance policy. If you need an accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please call  781-565-5086  and let us know. Nuance 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Burlington, MA Jobs at Nuance in Burlington, MA Software Developer salaries in Burlington, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nuance Nuance 473 reviews Nuance Communications, Inc. is the pioneer and leader in conversational AI innovations that bring intelligence to everyday work and life.... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
