
 
 
 
 AI/ML - Software Engineer, Information Intelligence - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML - Software Engineer, Information Intelligence Apple 10,185 reviews Seattle, WA Apple 10,185 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  May 3, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200227857 
Do you want to make Siri and Apple products smarter for our users? The Siri Search & Knowledge teams are building groundbreaking technology for algorithmic search, machine learning, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence. The features we build are redefining how hundreds of millions of people use their computers and mobile devices to search and find what they are looking for. Siri’s universal search engine powers search features across a variety of Apple products, including Siri, Spotlight, Safari, Messages and Lookup. As part of this group, you will work with one of the most exciting high performance computing environments, with petabytes of data, millions of queries per second, and have an opportunity to imagine and build products that delight our customers every single day. 
Key Qualifications 
Strong coding skills 
Strong background in computer science: algorithms and data structures 
Strong background in Tensorflow 
Experience with AWS Services such as Amazon S3 EC2 EKS / Kubernetes 
Excellent interpersonal skills able to work independently as well as in a team 
Experience with Information Retrieval Large Scale Data-Mining and/or Machine learning are a plus 
Experience Web Crawling is a plus 
Description 
We design and build infrastructures to support features that empowers billions of Siri users. Our team processes trillions of links to find the best content to surface to users through search. We also analyze pages to extract critical features for indexing, ranking. We apply statistical analysis to improve link selection, freshness, retrieval rates, extraction quality, and many others. You’ll have the opportunity to work with large scale systems with trillions of rows and many petabytes of data and incredible complexity. 
Education & Experience 
BS degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work experience Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Apple in Seattle, WA Software Developer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,185 reviews This is where you can do the best work of your life. Where you’ll join some of the world’s smartest, most innovative people to create ama... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
