
 
 
 
 NP Healthcare, Head of Strategic Healthcare Solutions - Arlington, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search NP Healthcare, Head of Strategic Healthcare Solutions Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,361 reviews Arlington, VA Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,361 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At least 12+ years in senior leadership positions working in healthcare solutions and/or product development, technology-enabled consultative product management, product marketing, business development, and/or transformation roles. At least 8+ years leading complex solutions programs, strong data and metrics bias, solid understanding of industry dynamics, and demonstrated go-to-market success. At least 8+ years experience in business, clinical, financial, operational, and IT processes in healthcare, especially in large enterprises, and understanding of how cloud can help transform the processes to result in better outcomes for the patients and communities that healthcare providers serve. At least 5+ years experience working and dealing with the complexities of the healthcare provider business processes and enterprise IT environments. BA or BS Degree 
 
 For over 14 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive, secure, reliable, and broadly adopted Cloud platform. AWS offers over 200 fully featured Cloud services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 60 Availability Zones (AZs) within 20 geographic regions, spanning the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, Sweden, and the UK. AWS services are trusted by millions of active customers around the world - including the largest enterprises with the most sensitive and private data, leading government agencies in intelligence, healthcare, and financial services, and the fastest growing start-ups - to power their infrastructure, make them more agile, more secure, more reliable, and more cost effective. To learn more about AWS, visit https://aws.amazon.com. 
 
Within AWS Public Sector, the Non-Profit Healthcare is a rapidly growing, mission-driven business that is obsessed about serving the healthcare provider customers. The Head of Strategic Healthcare Solutions is an important member of the AWS Non-Profit Healthcare leadership team and a key driver of solutions and service offerings designed for the healthcare provider segment. S/he will be a trusted thought partner and leader with our customers in understanding the root cause of key clinical, financial, and operating pain points in health systems and translating those point points to attributes, features, solutions, and ultimately a suite of offerings for our healthcare provider customers. The successful candidate – working closely with technical teams – will bring together AWS’s best-in-class services to create turn-key solutions that will both solve the pain points of mission-based health systems and equip them with new and better technology-enabled offerings to deliver care to the communities in faster, cheaper, more mobile, and more effective ways. 
 
In researching, developing, and bringing to market offerings for healthcare providers, the Head of Strategic Healthcare Solutions will bring rigorous, data-driven analysis and recommendations using Amazon’s “Working Backwards from the Customer” approach and will make compelling business case for offerings through sound data, excellent written and oral materials, thought leadership, and professional influence to demonstrate the value of the offerings to internal stakeholders for the benefit of our customers. S/he will develop and drive execution of go-to-market strategies for healthcare provider-specific offerings. His/her work will be a key driver of growth in the depth and breadth of our engagement with our customers and will be a key element of the growth of the AWS Healthcare business. 
 
The successful candidate will be passionate about mission-based healthcare, have deep experience working with provider organizations, and eager to help them transform using cloud-based solutions to solve many of their most complex problems. S/he will have a proven track record of leading complex solutions programs, strong data and metrics bias, solid understanding of industry dynamics, and demonstrated go-to-market success. They will have deep working knowledge of business, clinical, operational, and IT processes in healthcare and understand how cloud can help transform the processes to result in better outcomes for the patients and communities that healthcare providers serve. 
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust. 
 
Role & Responsibilities 
 Serve as a highly credible and influential expert on provider healthcare with customers, internal stakeholders, and senior executives in health systems and related organizations. Working backwards from customers’ needs, identify, develop, and build repeatable solutions, programs, coalitions, and models to transform how technology can be leveraged by healthcare providers, including lighthouse initiatives to increase cloud adoption in provider health systems. Together with internal technical and business teams, external partners, and customers, identify, build, and develop the customer-facing and technical features of solutions to take to market. Develop and drive go-to-market strategy and plan for each solution area, including leveraging AWS field teams, technology and consulting partner channels, and self-service. Identify gaps in solutions and influence AWS and/or AWS and partner solution development. Lead discussions with CEOs, COOs, CCOs, CFOs, CTOs, CIOs, Chief Architects, Senior Developers, etc. of both customers and partners to identify, understand, and incorporate customer needs in conceiving and building solutions. Collaborate with the AWS technical teams to realize solutions, including reference architectures, patterns, automation for one-click deployment, release plan, etc. Deploy – pilot and scale – solutions-led growth programs in the field working with sales enablement, business development teams, and account teams. Manage solutions-led growth programs, assess performance, pivot and evolve programs based on observed data to improve programs efficiency and performance. 
 
 Passion for cloud technologies – deep understanding of public and hybrid cloud platforms. Technical knowledge of healthcare provider applications, platforms, and data ecosystem, with ability to go deep on technical aspects to understand current and future customer needs and present AWS technical benefits. Passion for mission-based provider healthcare sector – deep understanding of how the healthcare provider industry operates and the unique characteristics of the industry ecosystem. Strong customer focus, urgency, energy, and drive to solve problems and create repeatable and scalable solutions that have lasting impact. Working knowledge or experience in cloud computing and its application in the healthcare industry. Experience communicating with both technical and non-technical stakeholders across multiple teams. Excellent business and financial acumen and negotiations skills. Exceptional interpersonal and communication (both written and verbal) skills. MBA and/or technical background with Computer Science, and/or Engineering/Math background. Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us 
 
Pursuant to the Los Angeles and San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Nurse Practitioner jobs in Arlington, VA Jobs at Amazon Web Services in Arlington, VA Nurse Practitioner salaries in Arlington, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,361 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
