
 
 
 
 Director Customer Experience & Supplier Reliability, Q&C - Emerging Technologies & Digital Solutions - New Brunswick, NJ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director Customer Experience & Supplier Reliability, Q&C - Emerging Technologies & Digital Solutions Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies 5,429 reviews New Brunswick, NJ Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies 5,429 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Johnson & Johnson is recruiting for a Director Emerging Technologies & Digital Solutions – Customer Experience & Supplier Reliability. Preferred locations are in US but considerations will be given for other sites in NA, EMEA, LATAM, and APAC. 
 Caring for the world, one person at a time has inspired and united the people of Johnson & Johnson for over 125 years. We embrace research and science - bringing innovative ideas, products and services to advance the health and well-being of people. 
 With $82.1 billion in 2020 sales, Johnson & Johnson is the world's most comprehensive and broadly based manufacturer of health care products, as well as a provider of related services, for the consumer, pharmaceutical, and medical devices markets. Employees of the Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies work with partners in health care to touch the lives of over a billion people every day, throughout the world. 
 If you have the talent and desire to touch the world, Johnson & Johnson has the career opportunities to help make it happen. Thriving on a diverse company culture, celebrating the uniqueness of our employees and committed to inclusion. Proud to be an equal opportunity employer. 
 This role provides the opportunity to inspire and engage with Quality and Supply Chain leaders as we globally accelerate Enterprise Intelligent Automation Initiative ambition. Our world class Quality & Compliance team is leveraging the cutting-edge technologies of Robotic Process Automation, Virtual Agents, Machine Learning, AI and others, to modernize internal business functions thru data enabled decision-making processes, ultimately increasing effectiveness while changing experience and adding value for our customers. 
 This role will be deeply connected to our global Q&C teams, including Strategy & Innovation, Digital &Data Science while working in close collaboration with JJ Technology and under Enterprise IA Council guidance. We are looking for a multi-disciplinary, Quality savvy business leader who can help us to further develop, execute, and drive the Intelligent Automation program within JJ Q&C. This leader should have passion for improving business processes end-to-end in achieving the most optimal business and customer experience. This is a high visibility role within our Enterprise Q&C team. The leader in this role will have direct contact with various executives across our Sectors and geographies. 
 The Director Emerging Technologies & Digital Solutions – Customer Experience & Supplier Reliability - Enable the workstream to build and execute workstream strategy in line with E2E digital strategy, with focus on the digital content & solutions. Leads the digital content & solutions in the Quality Systems Automation workstream strategy. Represents the respective workstream in the ET&S team to synchronize and drive the E2E digital transformation. Demonstrate cross sector & cross workstream project ideas, capabilities & alignments. Proactively influence & support the sector & Enterprise digital talent strategy 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 Provide workstreams with digital expertise & solutions
 Feed in & out demand & supply of digital solutions needs 
 Facilitate prioritization of digital & data science projects 
 Defines scoped and executes the project digital portfolio 
 Accountable for timely and on-budget execution of project portfolio 
 Support content & identify solutions while reinforcing strategic guardrails 
 Challenge the workstream on intelligent & data driven solutions 
 Stimulate "digital first" attitude in other workstreams and functions 
 Supports communications & capability building for Enterprise Q&C population 
 External benchmarking
 
 Qualifications 
A minimum of 8-10 years of experience in Healthcare or related regulated industry is required A minimum of 3-5 years of experience in two of these fields: intelligent automation & Data science, advanced analytics, Quality Management is required Experience in external data mining (Social Media, Net Promoter Score, etc.) is required Education in Quality engineering, natural science, data science & artificial intelligence or related is required Certification in agile, process excellence, design thinking, lean is preferred Experience in Business Quality, Deliver Quality, Customer management or Supplier Management is preferred Proven results in translating business considerations into digital solutions is preferred Successes in influencing business partners to think digital is preferred Ability to explain digital content in user-friendly language is preferred Proven success in building lean & reliable quality processes is preferred Proven success in building customer centric Quality solutions is preferred Proven examples of successful implementation in IA is preferred Proven records of working across functions and succeeding in matrix is preferred Strong enterprise mindset & strong business acumen is preferred 
 
Johnson & Johnson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. 
 
 Primary Location 
United States-New Jersey-New Brunswick-One Johnson & Johnson Plaza 
 Other Locations 
North America, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Europe/Middle East/Africa 
 Organization 
Johnson & Johnson Services Inc. (6090) 
 Job Function 
Quality 
 Requisition ID 
2105931755W Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technology Solutions Professional jobs in New Brunswick, NJ Technology Solutions Professional salaries in New Brunswick, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies 5,429 reviews Johnson & Johnson is the world’s most broadly based healthcare organization and includes more than 275+ companies focused in medical devi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
