
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Tucson, AZ 85702 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer Center for Biological Diversity 2 reviews Tucson, AZ 85702 Remote Center for Biological Diversity 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $65,000 - $70,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Center for Biological Diversity seeks a full-time Software Engineer in our Information Technology Program. The preferred location is Tucson, AZ, but work may be performed remotely. The Software Engineer is responsible for designing, writing, testing, modifying, integrating and deploying custom software solutions as well as customizing and integrating vendor solutions. 
 General position overview:  The Center’s Information Technology team provides a wide range of technical operational support for communications and development staff, attorneys, digital campaigners, scientists, activists, organizers and program directors. The team is responsible for overseeing the storage infrastructure, flow and analysis of data throughout the organization’s internal and cloud-based systems, and it designs, customizes and implements internally focused and public-facing applications and websites. 
 We seek a highly skilled and passionate Software Engineer to join our Information Technology Program team. The position will require technical capacity and performance management competencies, along with communication proficiency, personal effectiveness/credibility and ethical conduct. 
 Main duties: 
 Develop and deliver customizations for website migration to a CMS; 
 Analyze, design and develop web-based internal and externally facing software systems; 
 Analyze, plan and design tools to connect and share data between systems; 
 Make recommendations, design and implement new responsive website features; 
 Troubleshoot and repair problems with HTML, JavaScript, CSS and other code as they arise in the Center’s websites, social media pages, email, news feeds and blogs; 
 Evaluate, plan and implement new applications and functionalities as needed to enhance the Center’s network, websites, applications, databases, communications, mobile applications and other services; 
 Develop and manage integrations to monitor and maintain email list health for our eCRMs; 
 Develop and manage integrations to measure acquisition performance on our website and eCRM; 
 Creating guidance, training and supporting staff in the use of developed tools; 
 Share duties with IT department as needed. 
 Keep abreast of relevant technologies, systems, tools, processes, and make recommendations and decisions on inclusion into our development methodologies and product architecture. 
 
 Salary Range:  The salary range for this position is $65,000 - $70,000. Salary bounds may vary commensurate with experience. 
 Benefits Package: 
 Paid generous medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance 
 403(b) plan with opportunity for match 
 Generous time-off policies 
 Relaxed work atmosphere 
 
 Application process : Please apply online by submitting a cover letter, resume, and 3 references with your application. The position will remain open until filled. No telephone calls, please. Only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted. 
 
 Essential qualities, qualifications and skills: 
 Minimum Bachelor's degree, preferably in computer science or related field. 
 At least 5 years’ experience in software development with one or more of the following back-end technologies - PHP, Python, SQL. 
 At least 5 years’ experience in web development, with one or more of the following front-end technologies - JavaScript (Vue.js and jQuery), HTML, CSS. 
 Experience setting up and deploying development, test and production environments. 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills, ability to convey complex ideas in an accessible manner to both developers and non-developers. 
 Strong organizational and time management skills. 
 Excellent attention to detail. 
 
 Preferred Education and Experience 
 Experience in non-profit or advocacy organizations. 
 Expertise customizing Drupal and or WordPress CMS. 
 Expertise with Python and Django. 
 Experience with designing databases in MySQL or SQL Server. 
 Experience with connecting systems through APIs, preference given to EveryAction, Zoom, ActionKit, Facebook, Google analytics and ads. 
 Experience with Google tag manager integrations. 
 Experience with Git. 
 Experience with Elasticsearch. 
 Aptitude for delivering quality UX. 
 Experience integrating machine learning or artificial intelligence solutions. 
 Experience with Power BI. Center for Biological Diversity 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Tucson, AZ Jobs at Center for Biological Diversity in Tucson, AZ Software Engineer salaries in Tucson, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Center for Biological Diversity Center for Biological Diversity 2 reviews The Center for Biological Diversity (Center), based in Tucson, Arizona, is a nonprofit membership organization with approximately 625,000... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
