
 
 
 
 Director of Sales – EMEA - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director of Sales – EMEA Voyager Labs Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About The Position 
 
 Who are we? 
We make the invisible visible.  Deep digital investigation platforms for your most complex challenges. 
VoyagerLabs enables investigators and analysts to collect and analyze massive amounts of complex digital unstructured data and acquire actionable, previously unattainable insights. Leading government and law enforcement agencies, as well as private sector clients, use our cutting-edge AI technology worldwide to gain a vital edge in the battle against crime, fraud, terror, trafficking, internal threats and other risks. 
Each of our employees has the chance to both make the world a better place, and grow and develop his/her skills in a growing, dynamic and fast-paced environment. 
Your Upcoming Challenge 
As a hunter at heart, and a key member of our Sales team, you will introduce our cutting-edge AI technology and value proposition to executive level stakeholders, drive sales and be part of growing our business in the EU region. You will accelerate and impact the business, by defining, implementing and executing sales activities and strategies within the public and private sectors. 
 In This Job You Will 
Act as a true hunter, pursue large opportunities and introduce new cutting-edge AI solutions and technologies to the market. 
Drive predictable, repeatable, sales within EU while maintaining an accurate forecast and pipeline. 
Develop relationships with key partners to multiply our salesforce and presence in the region. 
Bring the voice of our customers’ needs and requirements in order to enhance our products and bring value to the customers. 
Develop account engagement strategy in collaboration with additional company stakeholders to promote usage and ensure renewals and expansion. 
Develop and maintain a thorough understanding of the client's business and procurement processes. 
Make calls, in-person visits and presentations to existing and prospective customers and participate in regional and local events, conferences and seminars. 
Provide market and product feedback to the Product and R&D teams. Contribute case studies to support marketing efforts. 
 Requirements 
 What do you bring to the table? 
10+ years of proven professional successful track record of Direct and Non-Direct Sales. 
Experience selling enterprise-wide software solutions with big data, artificial intelligence, machine learning, BI, investigation solutions or a related field to law enforcement and other public sector organizations. 
Proven track record penetrating new markets and new verticals within the assigned region. 
Knowledge in OSINT and/or fraud-prevention and/or investigation-related arena - advantage. 
Experience working in a fast pace startup environment. 
Superior problem-solving aptitude and skills. 
Excellent client-facing and communication skills. 
Ability to work effectively in a team and as an individual contributor. 
Motivated, energized, hungry to succeed and able to generate excitement on a regular basis. 
Strong networking and influencing skills. 
BA or higher. 
Willingness to regularly travel throughout the assigned region (50%). Voyager Labs 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Sales Director jobs in Remote Jobs at Voyager Labs in Remote Sales Director salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Voyager Labs Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
