
 
 
 
 Part-Time Instructor: Technology and Team Driven Innovation (Online) - Irvine, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Part-Time Instructor: Technology and Team Driven Innovation (Online) The Regents of the University of California 5 reviews Irvine, CA Remote The Regents of the University of California 5 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description The Division of Continuing Education (DCE) is a self-supporting unit within the University of California. Funding is generated through fees collected from a diverse, complex, and ever-changing student population. Part-time instructor positions are on a course by course contracted basis. This is NOT a faculty position. 
 Online teaching positions are now available in our new Technology and Team Driven Innovation Program. We are seeking qualified applicants possessing current knowledge and/or teaching experience in the following areas: 
 Innovative Product Development (Design Thinking, Product Lifecycle and Product Data Management, Model-Based Engineering, Digital Twins) 
 Systems Engineering (Requirements, Design, Integration, Verification and Validation, Operation and Maintenance, Decomposing and constructing) Technical Project Management - Waterfall (Initiation, Planning, Execution, Monitoring & Control and Closure) Technical Project Management - Agile (Iterative, Spiral, Hybrid using Scrum and Kanban) The Innovation Lifecycle (Idea landscape, idea assessment, idea realization) Supporting the Creative Process Tools and Techniques (Mind-Mapping, Brain Writing, Reverse Thinking, TRIZ, ARIZ and SCAMPER) Flash Mentoring (quickly convert tribal knowledge and speed up innovation)
 Experience with some Innovative Technologies (such as - Decisioning Systems, Deep Learning and AI, Predictive and Prescriptive Analytics, Quantum Computing, Fog/Edge Computing, Design for Additive Manufacturing (DFAM), Optics and Lasers, Robotics, IoT, Nanotechnology, Security Biometrics) 
 Specific Instructor Duties
 
 Develop and/or update course syllabi in consultation with the UCI Division of Continuing Education, Engineering and Life Sciences Director using approved syllabus template Prepare and deliver online course materials and learning assessments in the assigned format Utilize the Canvas Learning Management System as the course support platform Communicate teaching objectives and specific learning outcomes to students, and clearly outline the grading policies for the course Evaluate student achievement of specific learning outcomes, and assign grades Post final student grades to the transcript system by set deadlines Respond to student questions and learning needs in a timely manner Handle student inquiries about final grades and consult with Director as needed Stay current regarding the professional body of knowledge in the field of practice Participate in required orientations and complete mandatory training programs by deadlines established by UC Irvine Complete required administrative tasks in a timely manner including: completing all hiring paperwork; submitting updated quarterly syllabi; posting bio and photo on the UCI Division of Continuing Education website; signing quarterly contract; ordering required texts; communicating AV and classroom needs Employ culturally competent teaching methodologies in the classroom inclusive of both domestic and international student populations Allow students to review their final exams/papers for up to 13 months following the last class session Use subject-matter expertise and leverage additional resources appropriately to enhance the curriculum (i.e.: make arrangements for guest speakers, etc.) Design interactive and motivational classroom activities to fully engage participants and to reinforce student learning Update materials periodically, and regularly monitor course evaluations in order to make adjustments and improvements to the curriculum 
 Our curriculum is constantly updated and tailored to bring students the background, expertise, and business practices to remain competitive and advance their careers. Taught by qualified practitioners, our courses feature practical applications, underlying rationale, and current issues, all of which can be immediately utilized in and applied to our students’ work environments. 
 Part-time, temporary assignments are on an as-needed basis. This is an ONGOING recruitment. We accept part-time instructor applications all year long; when the division has a need to fill, we refer to the “pool” of applications on file. We are looking specifically for instructors who are qualified to teach the following course(s) as early as Winter quarter (beginning January, 2021).
 Program Description:
 Qualified instructors/experts are needed for a new program development. Topics of expertise include but are not limited to: 
 Driving Innovation through Technology and Meaning 
EECS X410.10
 Innovation is driven by new technologies that deliver enhanced meaning and benefit for the end user. While products need to be functional, efficient and at the right price point, products must also resonate with the emotional needs of the customer. In this course, students learn how these types of product breakthroughs occur by reviewing an array of case studies featuring notable innovations. An overview of the organizational structure and culture supporting these breakthrough innovations is also highlighted. Students discover ways to clearly define product meaning and convey those requirements to the rest of the organization via user stories. Likewise, the tools and processes that support highly efficient development of derivative products such as Digital Twin, Model-Based Engineering (MBE), Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) and Product Data Management (PDM) are also reviewed. High growth, successful companies innovate continuously through methodologies like Design-Thinking which links inspiration and meaning to the execution of the entire product lifecycle. Innovative technologies such as Decisioning Systems, Artificial Intelligence (AI), Predictive and Prescriptive Analytics, Quantum Computing, Fog/Edge Computing, Design for Additive Manufacturing (DFAM), Optics and Lasers, Autonomous Robotics, Nanotechnology, Cyber Physical Systems, Security Biometrics are also presented in relationship to new product development. 
 Systems Engineering and Technical Project Management
 
EECS X410.11
 The goal of this course is to learn how to manage technical projects using both systems engineering and project management tools and techniques. Differences between the project manager’s outcomes and responsibilities (schedule, cost, and resources) and those of the system engineer (technical integration, verification and validation) are explored. Each step of the technical project management lifecycle is addressed such as: Initiation (business case and feasibility), Planning, Execution, Monitoring and Control and Closure. The standard project management “Waterfall approach” is also highlighted. Decomposing and then construction of the “V” process of product development and integration in systems engineering is also explored using case-based examples. Other effective methodologies, tools and processes often used in engineering and technology project management such as Agile, Iterative, Spiral, Hybrid (using Scrum and Kanban) are reviewed. Students learn from a variety of engineering and technical project management and systems engineering case studies. 
 Students continue to work in groups to build out their plan for the creation of a new (or modified existing) product utilizing a new technology within one of their organizations. Without compromising an organization’s intellectual property, these plans are formulated under the corresponding section of the Project Charter linked specifically to this course. Corresponding sections are presented for feedback during the course. 
 Innovation and the Technical Professional 
EECS X410.12
 Nearly all innovation within an organization originates from the thinking and behavior of individual employees. This course provides the student with the ability to identify and foster key individual traits that lead to innovative performance. Essential techniques and processes that support creative thought are discussed in the context of the innovation lifecycle (idea landscape, idea generation, idea assessment and idea realization). This course also explores related topics such as “Why IQ is Not Enough,” cultivating a creative mindset, managing positive stress to induce creativity, as well as understanding the benefits of leveraging differing cultural approaches to innovation. Specific techniques to effective brainstorming and mind-mapping are also reviewed such as Rohrbach’s Brain Writing, TRIZ/ARIZ, Reverse Thinking and SCAMPER. Students also discover strategies to mitigate conflict when it does occur, how to conduct flash mentoring to quickly convey tribal knowledge and speed up the innovation process, and ways to influence stakeholders even in the absence of title or authority. 
 
Students continue to work in groups by translating their learning into detailed plans for the creation of a new (or modified) product based on the Project Charter developed in the first class. 
 To apply for this position, please click this link:
 
https://recruit.ap.uci.edu/JPF06359
 Individuals hired to teach these courses must understand that all such agreements with the University are made on a course-by-course basis and that the Instructor will be made no guarantee of continual involvement with the University in any capacity. 
 The University of California, Irvine is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer advancing inclusive excellence. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or other protected categories covered by the UC nondiscrimination policy. 
 Qualifications
 Basic
 
 Advanced Degree in related field from an accredited institution. 
 Additional
 
 Current knowledge of and demonstrated proficiency in subject area Must be committed to the highest level of academic standards and integrity Highly effective oral and written communication skills, including the ability to convey conceptual and complex ideas and information Highly effective interpersonal skills Proficiency in (or willingness to learn) the use of instructional technology and online teaching tools Current participation in professional associations Comfort in dealing with international professionals and students 
 Preferred 
 Experience designing/revising curriculum and measuring student performance College-level teaching experience (or the corporate equivalent) Prior online teaching 
 
 Application Requirements 
 Document requirements 
 Curriculum Vitae - Your most recently updated C.V.
 Cover Letter (Optional) 
 
 Reference requirements 
4 required (contact information only) 
 Job location 
 Online The Regents of the University of California 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Instructor jobs in Irvine, CA Instructor salaries in Irvine, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from The Regents of the University of California 5 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
