
 
 
 
 Designer/Detailer - Warren, MI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Designer/Detailer Eckhart Warren, MI Department: Engineering
 
 Reports To: Engineering Manager
 
 FLSA Status: Non - Exempt
 
 Updated: 02.16.2018
 Working at Eckhart is an opportunity to directly impact the future of American manufacturing. We strive to improve the lives
 
of the men and women who partner with us by developing and integrating custom engineered manufacturing solutions that
 
enhance life and contribute to improved safety, efficiency, and product quality for our customers.
 Eckhart invests in people because we believe it is our people who differentiate our solutions and our company from our
 
competitors. For over 40 years our company has committed dedicated creative minds to conceptualize and design custom
 
manufacturing solutions for industry. Our customers span automotive, aerospace, defense, industrial machinery, commercial
 
construction, household appliances, medical devices, agriculture, and heavy trucks. We thrive solving our customers’ most
 
difficult problems and find satisfaction when customers receive safe and efficient turn-key solutions that transform their
 
manufacturing landscapes.
 Description 
 Eckhart Engineering Services is a premier market leading engineering solutions provider to Fortune 500 industrial manufacturers. We
 are seeking creative minds committed to innovative disruption like artificial intelligence, autonomous guided carts (AGCs),
 additive/3D printing, collaborative robotics, and micro location spatial positioning. We believe companies that embrace Industry 4.0
 will shape the future of how things are made.
 From machine tool design and robot simulation to manufacturing processing we deliver a cost-effective efficient engineering solution
 that shows the passion our employees have for creativity and ingenuity. We work closely with our customers to ensure their design
 experience at Eckhart Engineering Services is exceptional. 
 
Our design team works with the largest companies in the world to transform how things are made. Having a passion for
 
examining “the way it’s always been done” and seeking out a new and better way is a leadership trait we value. This role
 
requires the application of engineering theories and related knowledge to design industrial ergonomic systems and automated
 
tooling. This role requires a working knowledge of mechanical principles and an understanding of 3D models, layout
 
drawings, and engineering specifications. Detailers work with the Project Management team to ensure drawings are released
 
to the shop on time and with accuracy. Our goal is to exceed expectations and ensure our customers receive an exceptional
 
experience at Eckhart engineering Services. 
 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
 
 Complete 3D drawings and layouts for a variety of moderately complex to complex ergonomic and automated tools
 Work concurrently on one or more projects of moderately complex scope
 Collaborate as a productive member on large projects
 Schedule activities to complete assigned tasks and projects, communicate and document requisite information per
 established Eckhart policies and procedures
 
 Understand customer needs and apply technical knowledge to identify drawings
 Demonstrate Engineering professionalism in all activities and provide efficient service to customers
 Provide final detailing on tooling drawings prior to release for build 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 To perform this job successfully, an individual must be professional, proactive, and positive. Having a passion for exceptional
 
customer service and support is a must. Being sensitive to the unpredictable demands and uncertainties associated with
 
customer service is a requisite to delivering superior results and exceeding the expectations of very demanding customers.
 Education and/or Experience:
 Prefer an Associates degree in design, mechanical engineering, manufacturing, or a related field, or at least two years of related
 
experience. Requires at least two years of mechanical 3D solid modeling experience and proficiency in NX/Unigraphics, Fides
 
or AutoCAD. Must have basic knowledge and experience in Microsoft Office.
 Other skills and abilities:
 Strong interpersonal skills.
 Good verbal and written skills.
 Proven organizational skills.
 Ability to prioritize and work with limited supervision.
 Good presentation skills.
 Ability to collaborate effectively with a team
 Ability to explain how and why specific conclusions were reached.
 Ability to maintain confidentiality.
 Ability to work well under pressure and to remain flexible to changing schedules and demands. Eckhart 30+ days ago original job Report job Detailer jobs in Warren, MI Jobs at Eckhart in Warren, MI Detailer salaries in Warren, MI Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
