
 
 
 
 Vice President, Network Operations and Managed Services - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Vice President, Network Operations and Managed Services Tilson Technology Management 88 reviews Remote Remote Tilson Technology Management 88 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Tilson is on a mission to build America's information infrastructure and we are seeking individuals from across the country to join us. Recognized on the Inc. 5000 list of fastest-growing private companies in the U.S. for ten years in a row, Tilson is a high growth team of driven professionals with a national practice. We build high-performing teams who take on the largest and most impactful projects for our clients.
 Position Details
 Tilson is seeking an experienced, entrepreneurial and growth focused leader of our Network Operations and Managed Services segment. Network operations managed services and field maintenance services are part of Tilson’s integrated offering of consulting, design, build, and operational services for network owners in the cellular, broadband ISP, public utility, smart city, and intelligent transportation industries nation-wide. 
 
 This business segment is responsible for two core services: active monitoring of customer networks and network elements as a managed service; and operations and maintenance field services for both preventative and emergency dispatches for large industrial scale networks, including wireless tower sites. 
 
 The Vice President, Network Operations and Managed Service will be responsible for the strategy, growth and profitability of the Managed Services organization as well as the continued growth and improvement of the field services delivery. We believe there is opportunity for continued innovation in transforming the systems in this area including automation and reducing manual processes, standardization of workflow and methodology across the entire organization, and ensuring productivity and quality metrics are achieved and assuring a strong foundation on which future service offerings can be added. Field service local operations are managed at the local market level and are not direct reports to this position.
 
 
 Job Responsibilities:
 P&L responsibility for the division, including accountability for budget planning, setting growth targets and improving margins and cash collection.
 Building and leading a world-class delivery team—both in person and remote locations.
 Integrating the business with the wider corporate strategy and business activities.
 Build and execute on a sales plan for both service offerings, including building an MSP sales and marketing organization over time.
 With national contracts already in place, working closely with the existing corporate sales organization to grow organically the existing Managed Services client and revenue footprint. The director will be responsible for developing pricing strategies, proposal reviews and refinement of products and services.
 Creating better quality control and customer-centric business processes, specifically focused on exceeding SLAs and measuring performance.
 Working with Tilson’s existing system development and innovation teams to evolve the MSP tools to improve the customer experience, reduce underlaying costs, and leverage public support for research, development and commercialization of software tools, including artificial intelligence and machine learning.
 Leadership of regular metrics and performance meetings and quarterly business reviews.
 Build and maintain relationships with key internal and external partners to drive effective partnerships - identify and address problems/issues that exist or emerge in stakeholder relationships to ensure productive long-term partnerships.
 Collaborate and coordinate across business segments to optimize the customer experience.
 Maintain awareness of current and emerging trends and changes in the telecom industry.
 Demonstrate understanding of the competitive landscape (e.g., services offered, strengths, weaknesses, capabilities, best practices).
 Qualifications:
 Qualified candidates will have extensive business startup experience growing and leading a managed service organization. The ideal candidate will preferably be an individual who has displayed leadership within a progressive, results oriented, high growth company.
 Bachelor’s degree or higher is preferred; equivalent and relevant experience will be considered.
 10+ years' experience providing leadership and management direction in a technical managed services environment. Preferred candidate will have led an outsourced network operations center or similar.
 Must have telecom industry experience, have a solid understanding of the competitive landscape and understand the customer base.
 Significant experience in marketing managed services and working with sales on deal structure, pricing and contract negotiations.
 Experience managing under strict SLA timeframes including internal KPI tracking and reporting.
 Working knowledge of competitive managed service offerings in the marketplace.
 Demonstrated performance in strategic/operational analysis and planning, analytical techniques.
 Demonstrated ability to bring projects/initiatives to completion.
 Significant experience running large, multi-site and remote value add services delivery teams.
 Experience growing new organizations and service offerings quickly—from $0 to $10M+ in annual revenue.
 Experience transforming operations and implementing process and workflow that enables scale.
 Ability to act quickly, make difficult decisions and course correct.
 An analytical and financially minded operations leader that operates within a framework that utilizes well defined process, methodologies, metrics, scorecards and key performance indicators to lead a high- performance growth organization.
 Proven skills working in a fast-paced and high growth environment; experience scaling a company in a dynamic environment.
 We accomplish our mission with a team of experts working collaboratively on meaningful, impactful projects for our clients. Our team environment fosters intellectual curiosity, motivates employees, and cultivates talented people who work with purpose, mastery and autonomy. We strive to listen to our clients, partner with them as a team, and accept their goals as our own.
 
 
Tilson believes in Safety, Integrity, Accountability, Professionalism, Respect, and Composure. To learn more about Tilson, the benefits we offer and our values , we invite you visit our website or visit our LinkedIn , Glassdoor , or Facebook pages for an inside glimpse at our culture. 
 
 Successful candidates will be required to submit to criminal background check and may be subject to a drug screen.
 
 
 Tilson is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Affirmative Action employer. Tilson Technology Management 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President of Operations jobs in Remote Jobs at Tilson Technology Management in Remote Vice President of Operations salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Tilson Technology Management Tilson Technology Management 88 reviews Tilson is on a mission to build America’s information infrastructure. Recognized ten consecutive years on the Inc. 5000, Tilson provides ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
