
 
 
 
 Product Manager - San Diego, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Manager PCI Strategic Management, LLC 5 reviews San Diego, CA PCI Strategic Management, LLC 5 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. BigBear.ai is seeking an experienced Product Manager to lead a team in support of our emerging AI disruptive application product within the BigBear.ai portfolio. In joining the Product and Technology Team, you will work in close partnership with AI/ML engineers, developers, data scientists, and BigBear.ai leadership throughout the process, and play a key role in the development and implementation of the product vision, strategy, and execution. The ideal candidate will have a growth mindset and a creative and collaborative approach with customer satisfaction top of mind. You will be self-driven and fueled by your passion for building and delivering amazing products to market.
 
This is an ideal opportunity to be part of one of the fastest growing AI/ML companies in the industry. At BigBear.ai, we’re in this business together. We own it, we make it thrive, and we enjoy the challenges of our work. We know that our employees play the largest role in our continual success. That is why we foster an environment of growth and development, with an emphasis on opportunity, recognition, and work-life balance. We give the same high level of commitment to our employees that we give to our clients. If BigBear.ai sounds like the place where you want to be, we’d enjoy speaking with you.
 
 Responsibilities: 
Own product lifecycle planning and execution to include product and feature ideation, planning, execution, delivery, and customer satisfaction.
 Drive product vision, discovery, and go-to-market strategy for current and emerging markets and users.
 Develop the product roadmap working closely with stakeholders, leadership, and engineering teams to deliver new capabilities to market aligned with business objectives.
 Develop deep understanding and intimacy of our markets, users, and customers to ensure we are solving the right customer challenges today and in the future.
 Collaborate with cross organization BigBear.ai product teams to ensure a holistic view and experience with our product suite.
 
 Qualifications: 
 Required: 
At least 7 years of product management experience in industry leading and user-facing products or solutions.
 Experience in driving product management processes, product discovery, product planning, execution, and deployment.
 Demonstrated real-world success in the design, development, and delivery of user-facing technology for commercial and enterprise markets.
 Experience with team organization, culture building, mentoring and development of cross-functional product teams.
 Demonstrated ability to foster evangelical relationships and trust with customers, users, and market.
 Experience working with stakeholders, executive leadership, growth, and marketing teams with product ideation, go-to-market strategy, roadmaps, and reporting.
 Purpose driven, highly-motivated, and passionate for building amazing product
 
 Preferred: 
MBA, BS/MS Computer Science, or related field.
 Experience within a domain of Big Data, Visualizations, BI, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Predictive Analytics, Data Science
 Knowledge of multiple functional areas such as Engineering, Sales, Marketing, and Customer Care/Support.
 Experience with Agile engineering processes.
 
About BigBear.ai
 
BigBear.ai is a new leader in decision dominance serving the national defense and intelligence communities. The Company delivers high-end capabilities across the data and digital spectrum to deliver information superiority and decision support. BigBear.ai provides a comprehensive suite of solutions including artificial intelligence and machine learning, data science, advanced analytics, offensive and defensive cyber, data management, cloud solutions, digital engineering, and systems integration. BigBear.ai’s customers, including the U.S. Intelligence Community, Department of Defense, and U.S. Federal Government, rely on its advanced technology solutions to analyze information, manage risk, and solve complex problems, leading to better decision making. Headquartered in Columbia, Maryland, BigBear.ai has additional locations in Virginia, Massachusetts, and California.
 
Position Details
 
 Clearance Required:  None
 
 Locations of Positions:  McLean, VA / San Diego, CA / Any BigBear.ai office location
 
 Travel Required (CONUS/OCONUS):  CONUS
 
If Travel is required, how much? 0%
 
BigBear.ai is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled
 
 Job ID:  21-00074 PCI Strategic Management, LLC 23 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Manager jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at PCI Strategic Management in San Diego, CA Product Manager salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from PCI Strategic Management, LLC PCI Strategic Management, LLC 5 reviews PCI is a small, veteran-owned federal contractor.

We provide the expertise and solutions required to overcome some of the most complex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
