
 
 
 
 Image Processing Algorithm Developers - Huntsville, AL 35801 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Image Processing Algorithm Developers Polaris Sensor Technologies Huntsville, AL 35801 If you are looking for opportunities to help develop hardware, software, and develop technology cradle to grave, please send us a resume to  hr@polarissensor.com. 
 Image Processing Algorithm Developers 
 
Join a multi-disciplinary team working on the development of integration of novel sensors onto platforms. Product life cycles run from preliminary conceptual design to established implementation and testing. Our systems, which may include polarimeters, multi-spectral sensors and systems with advanced tracking algorithms, collect real-time imagery resulting in vast amounts of data. We are seeking an Image Processing Algorithm Developer to optimize our software’s ability to reduce the data, perform 3D rendering with little or no registration marks, removal of high-fidelity distortion, and use software analysis for both laboratory and field test data. The successful candidate will be knowledgeable in image processing (advanced knowledge is considered a plus). 
 
We seek to optimize our software to use cues, features, landmarks, and learn to identify regions of interest in real-time. Solid background in computer science and mathematics is required. Strong theoretical and practical foundation in problem-solving, image processing, image enhancement, and pattern recognition are needed. Have the capability and desire to learn new software techniques and mathematical algorithms. 
 
Must work independently with self-driven organizational skills yet possess strong cross-functional teamwork attributes. Interfacing will be required between hardware and software engineers and management, as well as possible interaction with customers and/or vendors. 
 
Software experience with any of the following is desirable: Python, C, C++, MATLAB 
 
Skills 
 
 Artificial intelligence 
 Neural networks 
 Digital image processing 
 Hardware implementation of algorithms for real-time processing 
 Infrared experience (a plus) Polaris Sensor Technologies 8 days ago Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Algorithm Developer jobs in Huntsville, AL Jobs at Polaris Sensor Technologies in Huntsville, AL Algorithm Developer salaries in Huntsville, AL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Polaris Sensor Technologies Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
