
 
 
 
 Staff Data Scientist - San Ramon, CA 94583 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Staff Data Scientist GE Healthcare 2,071 reviews San Ramon, CA 94583 GE Healthcare 2,071 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Description Summary 
Job Description 
Essential Functions / Responsibilities: 
Drive the design and development of deep learning technologies for health care applications such as segmentation, anomaly detection, image processing, natural language understanding, time series analysis, etc. Provide guidance to data collection teams on test protocols including design of experiments, sample size, and statistical distributions. Design and implement networks to provide automation of clinical tasks using one or more of medical images, electronic medical records, waveforms, and clinical reports. Demonstrate algorithms to meet accuracy requirements on general subject population through statistical analyses and error estimation. Gather and analyze data, devise innovative data science solutions and build prototypes to enable development of high-performance algorithms in scalable, product-ready code. Initiate and propose unique and promising deep learning capabilities, develop new and innovative algorithms and technologies, pursuing patents where appropriate. Stay current on published state-of-the-art algorithms and competing technologies. Contribute to the development of software and data delivery platforms that are service-oriented with reusable components across teams (multiple teams) that can be orchestrated together into different methods for different businesses. Research and evaluate emerging technology, industry and market trends to assist in product development and/or operational support activities to for multiple teams or complex scenarios. 
Qualifications / Requirements: 
Position requires a Ph.D, or foreign degree equivalent, in “STEM” major (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) or a related field and two (2) years of experience in the artificial intelligence/deep learning industry in a related occupation. The position also requires: 2 years of experience implementing deep learning models including CNN, RNN, LSTM and GANS or with waveform/time-series data using RNN/LSTM; 2 years of experience using PYTHON, TENSORFLOW, KERAS, CAFFE, or CNTK. 
Additional Information 
GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. 
GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable).
 Relocation Assistance Provided:  No General Electric 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in San Ramon, CA Jobs at GE Healthcare in San Ramon, CA Data Scientist salaries in San Ramon, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from GE Healthcare GE Healthcare 2,071 reviews GE Healthcare is a leading global medical technology and digital solutions innovator. We enable clinicians to make faster, more informed ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
