
 
 
 
 Researcher – Human-Centered AI – Microsoft Research - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Researcher – Human-Centered AI – Microsoft Research Microsoft 7,121 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,121 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Adaptive Systems and Interaction group at Microsoft Research Redmond is looking for highly qualified candidates to advance the state of the art in understanding and development of Responsible AI with focus on real-world use of AI systems. Our group conducts influential research published at top-tier venues in AI and HCI (including AAAI, CHI, NeurIPS, ICML, and FAccT) and works within Microsoft’s Responsible AI ecosystem to impact our AI-driven technologies such as Azure, Office, and Bing. 
We seek exceptional researchers with a demonstrated ability for independent research and a strong record of influential publications on Artificial Intelligence and Human Computer Interaction. An ideal candidate is passionate about understanding the impact of AI systems on people and society. We are interested in candidates with hands-on experience with real-world AI systems in domains such as computer vision or NLP, or with expertise in the interaction and collaboration between AI systems and people. 
Prospective candidates must have finished or be about to finish their PhD. We are interested in both recent graduates and those with post-PhD academic or industry experience. Priority will be given to candidates with a strong publication record in top-tier conferences, who have demonstrated the ability to develop original research agendas, and who work well in a collaborative and dynamic environment. 
For more details on our research group, please see: 
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/group/adaptive-systems-and-interaction/ 
Responsibilities 
We are looking for researchers who can define their own research directions and develop ideas and collaborate with other researchers, engineers, and product group partners. 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications 
PhD (completed or close to completion) in AI, HCI, or relevant fields. 
Research ability demonstrated by a strong publication record in top-tier journals/conferences or submitted/accepted papers in top venues. 
Preferred Qualifications 
Demonstrated ability to develop original research agendas. 
Strong communication skills. 
Ability to work in a collaborative environment with multi-disciplinary teams. 
Active participation in the scientific community. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 28 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Researcher salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,121 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
