
 
 
 
 Training Coordinator/Class Monitor - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Training Coordinator/Class Monitor Sitel 11,692 reviews United States Remote Sitel 11,692 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Learn, Lead & Grow at Sitel Group® 
 We believe experiences are everything, and that happy associates are successful ones. That’s why we give our people the tools and the freedom to learn, grow, have fun and be themselves. 
 
 GROW AS YOU GO. We invest in you, with internal programs, training and initiatives to develop your skills and help you reach your goals. We promote from within. We provide you with the tools, skills and resources to develop, both professionally and personally. You choose where you want to go; we help you get there. 
 BE BOLD, BE YOU. #SitelLife represents our commitment to our people -to YOU. It's about coming exactly as you are. We empower everyone to live their truth, be themselves and use their voice -and we give them a platform to do so. 
 WORK TOGETHER TO MAKE AN IMPACT. We strive to make the world a better place and empower others to do the same. We are mission-driven -and we leverage the power of our people to make a positive impact in the communities in which we live and work. 
 GAIN STABILITY, EXPAND POSSIBILITIES. We celebrate successes and reward our people for the hard work they do every day. We offer benefits to keep you healthy and happy, such as paid time off and referral bonuses. Plus, fun perks like employee discounts. 
 MAXIMIZE YOUR EXPERIENCE. We value open, honest and constructive conversation. We encourage you to speak up -and we listen when you do. Through MAX, our global community, we leverage our people's innovative ideas, experiences and feedback to shape and drive the future of Sitel Group. 
 
 About Sitel Group® 
 As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brands, from Fortune 500 companies to local startups, to design, build and deliver a competitive edge across all customer touchpoints. 
 With our award-winning culture built on 35+ years of industry-leading experience and commitment to improving the employee experience, we improve business results by pairing innovative design thinking and digital solutions – including self-service, artificial intelligence (AI), automation and data-driven analytics – with the expertise, emotion and empathy of our people to Create Connection. Value Conversation. 
 
 Qualifications 
 Strong background in coaching, and/or leadership; intervention experience a plus 
 Previous experience planning, developing, and facilitating professional development
 Ability to track and analyze quantitative and qualitative data to discover trends and act strategically and effectively to improve instructional quality and academic achievement 
 Strong communications skills with the ability to influence people; Transparent communicator who delivers feedback in a direct and compelling way that inspires immediate improvement 
 Strong organization and time management skills 
 An unrelenting commitment to constant learning and improvement, in both your own work and the work of others 
 Willingness to work non-standard hours 
 
 Experience 
 Have at least six months training experience (preferably in a BPO/Call center environment) with a proven track record of raising student achievement 
 Have at least six months instructional coaching or leadership experience (or similar) with a proven track record of improving learning and development quality 
 Know strong instructional practices when you see them. Whether you are watching an instructor deliver a lesson or looking at student performance data, you can identify areas where practice is effective and suggest ideas to improve immediately and in the long-term 
 Familiarity and/or experience with leadership observation and feedback processes 
 Familiarity and/or experience with data-driven decision making in a classroom setting environment 
 Ability to facilitate professional development for instructors, leaders, and other stakeholders both in-person and virtually 
 
 Specific responsibilities include: 
 
 Observations/Data Gathering 
 Conduct classroom observations and/or coaching sessions with program supervisors to measure and ensure the instructional health of our programs 
 Regularly co-plan and engage in post-observation feedback sessions with supervisors and instructors
 Collect and analyze multiple forms of data to determine specific program, supervisor, and instructor needs; build supervisor capacity on how to do this process. 
 Use instructor observation data and student achievement data to develop Program Improvement Plans Sitel 21 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Training Coordinator jobs in United States Jobs at Sitel in United States Training Coordinator salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sitel Sitel 11,692 reviews As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brand... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
