
 
 
 
 SQL Developer - Phoenix, AZ 85018 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SQL Developer Intel 5,441 reviews Phoenix, AZ 85018 Intel 5,441 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
The DPG Decision Engineering group (DE) is seeking a SQL Developer to join our team. In this role, you will develop, improve, and maintain bespoke enterprise applications that help Intel make better, faster decisions. DE tools are used in many parts of the company and used by a wide variety of job roles. Our products span the domains of data capture, data availability, automated analyses, business intelligence and advanced algorithms. 
Our application development teams are small-2 to 5 people so you will get the chance to take on many different responsibilities, skillsets, and areas of interest. In DE, small teams can impact Intel's bottom line in significant ways. You will be involved with all aspects of development; you will work closely with stakeholders and you will have many opportunities to embrace ambiguous and strategic problems. 
Role Responsibilities include but are not limited to: 
Maintain existing applications. Support and enhance production applications. 
Work directly with stakeholders and end-users to understand and respond to their needs. 
Work with project leads and other developers to understand and complete tasks. 
Review your work with team members and end-users. 
Write unit tests to prove code works and bugs are fixed. 
Capture new requirements and issues as they are discovered. 
Develop new applications and periodically give progress updates to senior management. 
Develop software, algorithms, and applications to apply mathematics to data, perform large scale experimentation and build data driven apps to translate data into intelligence, solve a variety of business problems and enable business strategy. 
Assists business with casual inferences & observations with finding patterns, relationships in data. 
Personal Skills/Attributes: 
Love of ambiguity 
Ability to work and learn independently 
Diligent disposition toward debugging 
Interest in stable technologies (e.g. SQL, .NET, MS Excel) 
Agile-light mentality 
Fearlessness 
Interest in finance and financial decision-making 
Must possess strong written and communication skills. 
Qualifications 
Minimum Qualifications: 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Associates with 6+ yrs. applied industry experience 
6+ yrs. expertise in SQL relational database structures 
2+ yrs. scripting languages (i.e. Python, Perl) and/or programing languages (i.e. C# .Net, Java, C/C++, SQL). 
2+ yrs. experience in the following areas: 
Microsoft VSTO 
Infragistics/Telerik/WinForms/WPF 
MS Excel programming 
Power BI 
Git/GitLab 
CI/CD pipelines 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience with Big Data technologies (i.e. Hadoop, HBase, Lucene/Solr), 
Experience with Cloud based technologies and analytics packages (i.e. R, Mahout, Matlab, Octave, Weka) 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Center Group (DCG) is at the heart of Intel’s transformation from a PC company to a company that runs the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. The data center is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Other Locations 
 
US, California, Santa Clara;US, Oregon, Hillsboro 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job SQL Developer jobs in Phoenix, AZ Jobs at Intel in Phoenix, AZ SQL Developer salaries in Phoenix, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,441 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
