
 
 
 
 Scrum Master - Richmond, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Scrum Master Capgemini 8,227 reviews Richmond, VA Capgemini 8,227 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Work with product owner and team to maintain and prioritize backlog 
Schedule and conduct Scrum events 
Coordinate with development team to remove impediments and track delivery 
Faciliate meetings/discussions with multiple integration teams 
Working knowledge of Azure DevOps or similar tools to implement and track Agile delivery 
Provide training to the Business product owners and/or technical teams in Agile Scrum and tools when needed 
Should be able to work parallely on multiple project teams acting as a Scrum Master, providing business analysis and consultation as needed to meet Client objectives. 
Business analysis and requirement elicitation skills 
Test planning and coordination working with the business and technical teams 
Strong communication, interpersonal and problem solving skills 
Knowledge in CPRD domain is a plus 
2 years in Scrum Master and Business Analysis experience 
Over all industry experience of 4 years. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 20 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Owner jobs in Richmond, VA Jobs at Capgemini in Richmond, VA Product Owner salaries in Richmond, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,227 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
