
 
 
 
 Senior Data Scientist, Artificial Intelligence Research - Nashville, TN 37214 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Data Scientist, Artificial Intelligence Research Kroll 59 reviews Nashville, TN 37214 Kroll 59 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Our professionals balance analytical skills, deep market insight and independence to deliver solid, defensible analysis and practical advice to our clients. As an organization, we think globally. We create transparency in an opaque world, and we encourage our people to do the same. That means when you take your place on our team, you’ll discover a supportive and collaborative work environment that empowers you to excel. If you’re ready to share your perspective with the world, then you can make a real impact here. This is the Duff & Phelps difference. 
 Duff & Phelps is building an artificial intelligence and machine learning group, and we’re looking for you to join our portfolio of AI projects. You will be critical in achieving our vision and strategy for solving complex business problems with cutting-edge solutions driven by the latest advancements in artificial intelligence and machine learning. Some of our current projects focus on NLP and machine learning for cyber security and due diligence, quantitative analysis and we are actively scaling up across multiple other lines of business. 
 At Duff & Phelps, your work will help protect, restore and maximize value for our clients. Join us and together we’ll maximize the value of your career. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 Research, explore, implement, and evaluate new machine learning models 
 Implement and compare existing cutting-edge research works to solve business problems 
 Test the model performance with business use cases 
 Build prototype models 
 Publish research papers 
 Produce open-source software and packages 
 Present AI solutions to the business sponsors 
 
 REQUIREMENTS: 
 PhD degree in machine learning or related field or PhD Student 
 Research experience 
 Python experience is preferred 
 Technical and business communication in English 
 Team and technical leadership 
 
 In order to be considered for a position at Duff & Phelps, you must formally apply via careers.duffandphelps.jobs 
 Duff & Phelps is committed to providing equal opportunities in employment. We will not discriminate between applications for reason of gender, gender identity, race, religion, color, nationality, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, age or disability. Kroll Just posted original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Data Scientist jobs in Nashville, TN Jobs at Kroll in Nashville, TN Senior Data Scientist salaries in Nashville, TN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Kroll Kroll 59 reviews Kroll is a corporate investigations and risk consulting firm based in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. It was established in 1972. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
