
 
 
 
 Licensed Vocational Nurses (LVN) - San Diego, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Licensed Vocational Nurses (LVN) The Wound Pros, LLC San Diego, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Wound Pros is seeking  Licensed Vocational Nurses ( LVNs)  in various markets across the country to join us and provide care to patients who are homebound patients or in long-term care facilities.
 The Wound Pros is a nationwide Wound Care Medical Group. Our full-service wound care strategy has added enormous value to patients who are homebound or reside in long-term facilities across the country by providing an array of essential tools including: Digital Wound Management, Telemedicine, Advanced EHR System, Mobile Vascular Assessment, Digital Supply tracking, as well as Advanced Wound Care Dressings.
 By leveraging the power of Artificial Intelligence, we have been able to heal wounds faster and more efficiently. By joining our team, you will be able to be a part of our mission to heal wounds and prevent amputations in long-term care facilities.
 Note: 
 New Graduates are encouraged to apply. No Experience needed.   No wound care experience needed. We will train you. 
 Requirements and Qualifications: 
 Current active license to practice as a Licensed Vocational Nurse (LVN) in the State. Graduate of an approved LVN Program. Wound Care Experience preferred but not required  (we will train you).  Must love working with patients and a good work ethic. Superior customer service and the desire to be part of a dynamic team. Strong communication, teamwork, and organizational skills  We welcome and train new LVN graduates.  Valid photo ID or Driver License. Authorization to work in the US.
 Why work for The Wound Pros? 
 Comprehensive benefits package ( 100% Employee covered Medical Plan ) 401K Health Dental Vision  Mileage Reimbursement 
 Please note: Only shortlisted applicants will be contacted for Interviews. The Wound Pros, LLC 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Licensed Vocational Nurse jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at The Wound Pros in San Diego, CA Licensed Vocational Nurse salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from The Wound Pros, LLC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
