
 
 
 
 Research Scientist - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist Amazon.com Services LLC 70,361 reviews Austin, TX Amazon.com Services LLC 70,361 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 MS or PhD in Artificial Intelligence, Computer Science (Machine Learning), Physics, Statistics, Applied Math, or Operations Research 
 Experience with fast prototyping 
 Proficiency with a scripting language such as R, Matlab, Python 
 3+ years of hands on experience working on applied machine learning projects. 
 An attitude to continuously innovate and never satisfied with status quo 
 Influence senior leadership teams on the value propositions and generate new product ideas. 
 Mentor and guide junior members in the team. 
 Work and collaborate effectively with tech teams, and launch to production. 
 Contribute to Amazon's Intellectual Property through patents and/or external publications. 
 Understand business context to decisions made within and across the organization 
 Excellent verbal and written communication 
 
The Supply Chain Optimization Technologies (SCOT) team is a machine learning powerhouse providing the brainpower behind the Amazon supply chain and using artificial intelligence to grow the most complex retail networks in the world.
 
The team is composed of scientists, engineers, and researchers who lead the industry in the development of innovative algorithms and optimization strategies to maximize the long term effectiveness of Amazon’s Retail business.
 
This team works to extend existing and build new algorithms and systems to achieve an ideal inventory position, maximizing in-stock selection on behalf of our customers and growing our Seller’s businesses. We own and operate production systems that decide the most optimal strategy to ship a customer order, simulation systems that allow internal customers experiment with what-if scenarios and analytical systems to help understand results and derive intelligence from the same.
 
The team in Austin is focused on using cutting edge science to improve customer outcomes and transform our logistics, along with machine learning, and scalable distributed software in the cloud that automates and optimizes shipments to customers under the uncertainty of demand, pricing and supply. When customers place orders, our systems use real time, large scale optimization techniques to optimally choose from where to ship and how to consolidate multiple orders so that customers get their shipments on time or faster with the lowest possible transportation costs.
 
As the Fulfillment Network Planning team, one of our core responsibilities is to leverage big data to identify key patterns of success and failure, identify the areas we need to focus on first, understand root cause(s) that triggered failure, and to build predictive models that will help fix the most impactful problems. The amount of data, the variables that come into play, and diversity of customers and locations make this role very challenging and also fun. It's great for those who love solving problems, especially when dealing with a lot of ambiguity and asking lots of smart questions that will lead to the discovery of universal concepts, and truly innovative ML solutions that continuously improve the customer delivery experience. Every member of the team needs to have independent thinking, a burning desire to learn, and the skills and experience needed to build science and technology so advanced that it will appear to generate “magical outcomes”.
 
 As part of your daily work you will: 
 
 Analyze and extract relevant information from large amounts of data to help automate and optimize key processes. 
 Design, development and evaluation of highly innovative models for predictive learning. 
 Think about customers and how to improve the customer delivery experience 
 Use machine learning and analytical techniques to create scalable solutions for business problems. 
 Work closely with data & software engineering teams to build model implementations and integrate successful models and algorithms in production systems at very large scale. 
 Technically lead and mentor other scientists in team. 
 Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation. 
 Research and implement novel machine learning and statistical approaches. 
 
To help describe some of our challenges, we created a short video about Supply Chain Optimization at Amazon - http://bit.ly/amazon-scot
 
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age.
 
 
 Knowledge of AWS Technologies 
 Familiar with computer science fundamentals including object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis 
 Proficiency with a production language such as C++ or Java 
 A strong track record of innovating through machine learning and statistical algorithms and their applications. 
 Strong demonstrated skills implementing and deploying large scale machine learning applications and tools. 
 Ability to innovate in ML and a track record of publications. 
 5+ years of experience working on applied machine learning projects. 
 
 Amazon.com 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Austin, TX Research Scientist salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,361 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
