
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Engineer Associate - McLean, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Engineer Associate Mitre Corporation 258 reviews McLean, VA Mitre Corporation 258 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.
 The DoD Health Innovation & Technology Department (P842) is seeking an early career, motivated, creative  Artificial Intelligence  (  AI)/ Machine Learning (ML) Engineer  for MITRE’s Mclean, VA site  to apply cutting edge tools and techniques to challenging problems facing the US government. Our department works to solve problems in the public interest, in partnership with agencies within the DoD and Veteran Affairs. We also actively conduct independent research in areas of interest to our government partners.
 The ideal candidate will have the following personal attributes:
 Independent thinker with intellectual curiosity in both technical and business domains
 Interest in opportunities to lead small teams
 Ability to work autonomously while accountable to work leader
 Growth mindset – ability to listen and respond to constructive feedback
 Key Functions:
 Work in close collaboration with government stakeholders as part of a multidisciplinary team
 Analyze structured and unstructured data sources to determine the key business questions and hypotheses that can be explored with the data sets
 Evaluate approaches and algorithms based on available data and research objectives
 Develop experimental prototypes to demonstrate concepts for Federal government sponsors
 Communicate approach and results to decision makers in a manner that enables them to act
 fully responsible for deliverables-including definition, completion, and technical quality, as well as assuring consistency across the responsibility span.
 Minimum Qualifications:
 Bachelors degree Computer Science or Computer Engineering or similar field
 Required Qualifications:
 B.S. degree (Computer Science or Computer Engineering or similar field) with a 3.0 GPA or higher
 Strong theoretical background in at least two learning techniques: supervised (e.g., SVMs, regression, decision trees), unsupervised (e.g., clustering, neural networks), or reinforcement
 Demonstrated experience applying supervised and unsupervised techniques to structured data
 Experience with at least one language for implementing AI/ML algorithms (e.g., Python, R)
 Basic SQL skills
 Strong writing and communication skills and ability to communicate results of research and analysis to a non-technical audience, particularly communicating why results matter
 Ability to visualize patterns in data and research results for a non-technical audience
 Familiar with data management best practices
 Familiar with DevOps patterns and practices
 Candidate must be able to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret clearance which will require US Citizenship.
 Preferred Qualifications:
 B.S. degree (Computer Science or Computer Engineering or similar field) and 2 years related experience, or M.S. degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field
 Experience developing and deploying data-driven applications
 Experience with Docker and Kubernetes
 Capable of evaluating Differential Privacy algorithms and implementations, and capable of researching DP to develop new algorithms
 Theoretical background in natural language processing techniques (e.g., parsing, topic modeling, entity recognition, sentiment analysis)
 Experience with Hortonworks Data Platform tools
 Preference given to qualified candidates with current / active DoD clearance.
 This requisition requires the following clearance(s):
 MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status. 
 
MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at  703-983-8226  or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.
 Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only. Mitre Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in McLean, VA Jobs at Mitre Corporation in McLean, VA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in McLean, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mitre Corporation Mitre Corporation 258 reviews The MITRE Corporation's mission-driven team is dedicated to solving problems for a safer world. We are a not-for-profit company that oper... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
