
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Boston, MA 02116 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer Fritz 38 reviews Boston, MA 02116 Remote Fritz 38 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Fritz AI is a SaaS product used by mobile developers to create apps powered by Artificial Intelligence. Our customers use the platform to teach their apps how to see, hear, sense, and think. Customers have built amazing experiences in Fritz AI, ranging from crop disease identification for African farmers to augmented reality Snapchat-for-pets. Applications only made possible by Fritz AI.
 Software Engineer overview: 
 Entry-level position for an aspiring full-stack developer to contribute to our end-to-end platform for mobile machine learning. Work on SDKs, APIs, web applications, and more.
 If you were working with us last quarter, here are some things you would have done:
 Created a self-service buying process allowing customers to select a plan, get a free trial, and receive invoices via Stripe
 Implemented automated feature gating and limit enforcement for product plans
 Built a user interface for annotating images with segmentation masks to enable users to train custom image segmentation models for their apps
 Optimized our Dataset Generator to help users quickly generate thousands of annotated images for training neural networks
 Written a custom TensorBoard plugin and stood up a microservice to provide users detailed information on model training
 Upgraded our Kubernetes cluster 
 Set up CI/CD flows with GitHub Actions 
 Worked directly with customers to create AI-powered apps 
 Technologies: 
 Python (Flask) 
 JavaScript (TypeScript + React + Redux) 
 Druid 
 Kubernetes 
 Postgres 
 Amazon Web Services + Terraform 
 About you: 
 0-3 years of hands-on professional software experience 
 Great attitude, enthusiastic learner, excited to grow. 
 Collaborative and comfortable in a team-oriented environment. 
 Excited about making big contributions, seeing measurable results, and being recognized and appreciated for your efforts.
 About our team and culture: 
 We are a growth-stage startup team that is passionate about AI, and we believe it will be the most transformative technology change of our generation. Our culture is transparent, honest, and direct—you'll always know what's going on and why it furthers our mission. Our founders have previously built, scaled, and exited successful technology businesses such as HubSpot, BabbaCo, Wyth, and TechStars.
 Due to the health and safety risks associated with COVID-19, the Fritz AI team will be working remote for the remainder of 2020. We plan on re-opening an office in Boston in 2021 or when it is safe to do so. Working remotely doesn’t mean working alone. Our team meets regularly over video chat for daily standups, planning meetings, and whiteboarding sessions. We also hold virtual weekly team lunches, and fun events that have included digital safaris and "Paint" nights.
 Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Fritz 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Fritz in Boston, MA Software Engineer salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fritz 38 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
