
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence (AI) Postdoctoral Scholar - San Francisco Bay Area, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence (AI) Postdoctoral Scholar Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 171 reviews San Francisco Bay Area, CA Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 171 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Berkeley Lab’s Computational Research Division has an opening for an exciting  AI Postdoctoral Scholar  opportunity. The successful candidate will conduct fundamental and applied research in artificial intelligence, control algorithms, reinforcement learning, surrogate modeling, and optimization. 
We value and strive for diversity in backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. 
What You Will Do: 
Develop artificial intelligence and machine learning techniques, algorithms, and software for optimal control, surrogate modeling, and optimization problems. 
Analyze the developed models to understand and quantify their accuracy and uncertainties in the context of various application domains. 
Work with application domain and high performance computing experts to ensure the required model fidelity while optimizing model training and execution performance on HPC platforms. 
Publish and present research results in journals and conferences in the areas of machine learning, transportation and power systems modeling, computer architecture modeling, and/or parallel computing. 
Participate in requested assignments, including preparation of proposals, documentation of results, and reporting results to sponsors. 
What is Required: 
PhD degree, within the last 3 years, in Computer Science, Computational Sciences, Applied Mathematics, or a related technical field. 
Demonstrated expertise in working with current machine learning methods and software. 
Ability to apply machine learning techniques and tools to multiple application domains of importance to the Department of Energy (DOE) mission, such as transportation systems, power systems, and computer architecture modeling. 
Proficiency with model analysis techniques to quantify the accuracy of models and understand their strengths and weaknesses. 
Proficiency in one or more machine learning libraries such as Tensorflow, PyTorch, or Caffe. 
Proficiency in one or more programming languages such as Python or C/C++. 
Ability to publish in top journals and conferences. 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
Desired Qualifications: 
Familiarity with modern C++11 and later. 
Familiarity with software engineering tools such as make and git. 
Familiarity with parallel programming and performance optimization techniques. 
The posting shall remain open until the position is filled. 
Notes: 
This is a full-time 2 year, postdoctoral appointment with the possibility of renewal based upon satisfactory job performance, continuing availability of funds and ongoing operational needs. You must have less than 3 years of paid postdoctoral experience. Salary for Postdoctoral positions depends on years of experience post-degree. 
This position is represented by a union for collective bargaining purposes. 
Salary will be predetermined based on postdoctoral step rates. 
This position may be subject to a background check. Any convictions will be evaluated to determine if they directly relate to the responsibilities and requirements of the position. Having a conviction history will not automatically disqualify an applicant from being considered for employment. 
Work will be primarily performed at Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, 1 Cyclotron Road, Berkeley, CA. 
Learn About Us: 
Working at Berkeley Lab has many rewards including a competitive compensation program, excellent health and welfare programs, a retirement program that is second to none, and outstanding development opportunities. To view information about the many rewards that are offered at Berkeley Lab- Click Here. 
Berkeley Lab (LBNL) addresses the world’s most urgent scientific challenges by advancing sustainable energy, protecting human health, creating new materials, and revealing the origin and fate of the universe. Founded in 1931, Berkeley Lab’s scientific expertise has been recognized with 13 Nobel prizes. The University of California manages Berkeley Lab for the U.S. Department of Energy’s Office of Science. 
Equal Employment Opportunity: Berkeley Lab is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status. Berkeley Lab is in compliance with the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision under 41 CFR 60-1.4. Click here to view the poster and supplement: "Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law." Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 171 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
