
 
 
 
 SAP PP + QM - Universal City, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SAP PP + QM Capgemini 8,227 reviews Universal City, CA Capgemini 8,227 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
12 years of hands on experience in PP with strong knowledge in following areas 
Candidate should have experienced in Production Support process in their recent projects. 
Candidate should be able solve Production support issues independently. 
Candidate should know production support processes . 
PP- Production Planning: Worked on Bill of Material (BOM), PP Work Canter, Routing, rescheduling, MRP and MPS parameters. MRP controllers, MRP groups, Configured Production Order Types, Confirmations, Operations, Status Profile, and Selection Profile, Defining print control, Order costing, and Production order type Dependent Parameters. REM profile, planning table, reduction strategies, back flushing 
Should understand integration between PP- MM QM . 
MES: working experience on integration between MES and SAP. Worked on fixing failure of IDOCS due to master data issues or over consumption issues. Solving issues related to stock transfer IDOCS. 
Requirements : 
Should understand interfaces and processes . 
Should be able to trouble shoot custom enhancement issues . 
Should have knowledge of planning . APO ( SNP & DP ) knowledge added advantage . 
Should have knowledge HP- ALM or any other tool which can be used for testing production support fixes . 
Should have knowledge of any ticketing system like remedy or service now , etc . 
Batch job monitoring and should understand batch job processes in PP and Planning area . 
Should be locally available 8 am to 5 pm- Monday to Friday . 
Should be ready to handle ON Call process as production support team member . 
SAP QM (Limited exposure), understanding of regulated ( FDA) controlled processes . 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Capgemini in Universal City, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,227 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
