
 
 
 
 Chief Architect - US - Township of Hamilton, NJ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Chief Architect - US Sparta Systems, Inc. 15 reviews Township of Hamilton, NJ Sparta Systems, Inc. 15 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Summary 
If you share a true passion for technology, enjoy working together in developing solutions, share ideas, and exchange knowledge we want to talk to you. Sparta Systems is the Leader in Enterprise Quality Management Solutions (EQMS) and moving forward! 
 
 
Position Description  Sparta Systems has been recently acquired by Honeywell. Honeywell is a Fortune 100 company with expertise in Life Sciences. The combination of Sparta Systems and Honeywell brings together Sparta Systems’ quality management leadership with over 100 years of software and industrial expertise from Honeywell.
 
 
Summary:
 
As a Chief Architect, you will be responsible for providing the highest caliber of technical leadership and take ownership of the definition of architectural approaches used across Sparta’s software solutions to meet the company and customer’s strategic goals.
 
 
You will be responsible for evaluating new solutions and developing the supporting elements required to incorporate new technologies in a safe and secure manner. The ideal candidate will have broad experience in cloud-based development in IaaS, PaaS and SaaS environments.
 
 
For consideration to this job posting, candidates must possess hands-on experience in designing for both small and large-scale solutions with an emphasis on security, performance, scalability, and cost. 
 
Required Skills 
 
+ Responsibilities: 
 Technical leadership for the engineering organization in the appropriate selection and use of technical frameworks, platforms, design patterns and work methods. 
 Engineering methodologies – provide recommendations and guidance in best practice, tool use and application of modern engineering processes. 
Architecture and design –propose technical solutions, ensure their integrity, and that the solutions can be built, implemented, and maintained within timelines/budgets. 
Technical design authority – internally and externally recognized as a specialist on complex technical areas, will drive benchmarking, installation, upgrade, configuration, deployment, and testing activity. 
Improve quality – identify innovative approaches to improve software quality. 
Provide stability – ensure engineering teams can develop in a stable and productive environment, with minimal rework required due to of architectural change or problems as products evolve. 
Industry knowledge – familiar with industry changes in technology standards, anticipates technology shifts in development standards, methods, and emerging 3rd party software to advise on technology and leverage industry best practice in the design and construction of Sparta’s software products. 
Translate business requirements and product vision into application architecture that exceeds expectations. 
 Ensure the day to day technical control of development projects by 
 Providing regular updates on project status, risks and mitigation strategies. 
Supporting and mentoring individual developers and architects. 
Performing detailed technical reviews to ensure overall architectural philosophy is being adhered to. 
Defining and enforcing procedures and checkpoints to monitor architectural compliance. 
Hands on contributor to prototypes and product implementations. 
 Effectively support Sales and participate in business discussions by 
 Evangelizing the Architecture and Design of Sparta’s software products to customers. 
Effectively articulating and presenting the benefits and technical advantages of Sparta’s solutions to technical and non-technical customers and Sparta staff. 
Communicates technical topics in business terms when necessary. 
Make decisions based on both technical and business inputs. 
Demonstrating the acumen to manage and cultivate positive customer relations. 
Contributing to the production of proposals in response to requests for development, RFIs and RFPs. 
 Software Industry Participation 
 Finds opportunities to make public contributions to the advancement of software engineering (Publications, Blogs, Speaking, Work on Standards Bodies, Open Source Contribution). 
Software & Technology Awareness via multiple channels. 
May include the submission of Patent ideas. 
 Provide incisive input into the best application of technology to create the next generation of Sparta’s solutions 
 In concert with other architects within Sparta, play a leading role in the creation a center of expertise and forum for common component design, reuse, and exploitation. 
Provides significant contribution for the definition and documentation of development standards and best practices. 
Provides input in to constantly improving the scalability, extensibility, interoperability, reliability, availability, and performance of Sparta’s software products. 
 Additional Responsibilities for this position 
 Owner of Sparta Systems Innovation Program; including Patents. 
Owner of Sparta Systems Technology Security Program. 
Works with Sparta legal counsel for IP and patent concerns. 
Responsible for protecting Sparta Systems IP through governance of approved technologies and licenses and the proper management of IP disclosure. 
Responsible for the approval of third-party products and components to be added to Sparta’s products. 
Responsible for license compliance for embedded third party components. 
Approves all significant technical decisions. 
 
 
 Preferred Skills 
+ Qualifications / Certifications :
 Cloud certifications (Azure, Google, AWS, Salesforce) 
People management; small team of principal architects, senior architects, and architects 
Experience with Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and IoT technologies 
 
 
Company Information 
For 25 years, Sparta Systems is the world’s premier provider of cloud and on-premise quality management software. We offer the solutions, analytics, and expertise that speed up quality and compliance. Companies in life sciences, consumer products, discrete manufacturing and more, rely on Sparta. 
 
 We Offer: 
 Competitive salaries and benefits package 
Employee engagement programs such as Sparta Gives Back, Wellness, Spirit Committee, etc. 
An opportunity to work for the world's premier provider of cloud and on-premise quality management software. 
 About the Company: 
 
Sparta Systems, a Honeywell company, is a leading provider of TrackWise® enterprise QMS software and TrackWise Digital®, a next-generation, cloud and digital QMS SaaS platform. Sparta’s TrackWise Digital combined with Honeywell’s software solutions, batch automation, and data integration capabilities form an integrated life sciences manufacturing digital eco-system that enables greater efficiency and agility while helping achieve quality system compliance with reduced risk. The combination of Sparta Systems and Honeywell brings together Sparta Systems’ quality management leadership with over 100 years of software and industrial expertise from Honeywell. Together, Sparta and Honeywell will shape the future of digital quality and operational excellence for the life sciences industry. For more information, please visit https://www.spartasystems.com. 
 
Life is short… Work somewhere outstanding… Sparta Systems, a Honeywell company! 
 
Sparta Systems, a Honeywell company, is an Equal Opportunity Employer with our Headquarters located in Hamilton, NJ, USA. 
 
 
Vacancy No  VN568 
 
Country  United States 
 
Office Location  Hamilton, NJ (US HQ) 
 
Employment Type  Full-Time 
 
Education Level  Bachelor's Degree 
 
Experience Level  12+ years Sparta Systems, Inc. 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Chief Architect jobs in Township of Hamilton, NJ Jobs at Sparta Systems in Township of Hamilton, NJ Chief Architect salaries in Township of Hamilton, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sparta Systems, Inc. Sparta Systems, Inc. 15 reviews For 20 years, Sparta Systems has been the leaders in helping customers bring products to market safely and efficiently by delivering qual... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
