
 
 
 
 Data and Applied Scientist – Natural Language Processing – Microsoft Research - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data and Applied Scientist – Natural Language Processing – Microsoft Research Microsoft 7,109 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,109 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Microsoft Research (MSR) Natural Language Processing group is teaching computers how to understand your language and its relationship to the visual, audio, and digital world around you. We are pushing the technical envelope in NL and AI by responding conversationally to images or videos, learning how to bridge the gap between structured data and NL text, and teaching computers to respond to real-world signals through both language and action. Our goal is to design and deploy systems that learn multi-modal interaction strategies from large volumes of language-grounded data. 
#Research 
Responsibilities 
This is a rewarding role for someone who enjoys working with language and languages (and may know a few), is willing to look at raw data, and is eager to stay abreast of modern techniques in statistics and artificial intelligence. You will be working alongside researchers and product developers on projects that will set the scene for the next generation of natural language processing techniques and applications. In this capacity, you will develop datasets, data processing pipelines, statistical data analyses, and data documentation for research projects and collaborations with product groups. Many of the datasets you work with will be very large and very noisy in their raw state, and you will need to come up with innovative methods to create datasets that will be useful and useable. You will also work with vendors and crowdsourced workers to annotate or create new datasets. You will help define evaluation tasks and scenarios, experiments, standards, metrics and methods for research projects and product groups, and conduct many of the experiments. This is a role that calls for a broad understanding of and sensitivity to situated language use, language varieties including social and regional dialects, text styles, and the many ways in which people interact with one another using language. An important component of your work will be to help ensure that data, models, and products meet Microsoft’s standards of diversity, equity, and inclusion. Together with other members of the team, you will also contribute to elevating awareness of advances in natural language processing in the scientific community and beyond through presentations, publications, and other outlets (e.g., blogs, press interviews). We are looking for candidates who are smart and creative, but are also self-driven, curious, and comfortable exploring open ended problems. Our projects are team efforts and the ability to communicate well with team members and outside collaborators will be key to success. 
Qualifications 
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: 
2+ years of programming experience outside of college coursework in an industrial or research environment. 
Proficiency in statistical data analysis and visualization using, e.g., R or Python statistical analysis tools. 
Proficiency in C/C++/C#, Java or similar, and in Python. 
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: 
Excellent communication skills, documented by, e.g., papers, public presentations, or blog posts. 
An advanced degree (e.g., MA/ME/MSc or higher) in any field. 
Formal training in Computer Science or Data Science through coursework. 
Some combination of at least three of the following: 
Experience with data development and evaluation techniques for natural language processing tasks, including crowdsourcing. 
Experience with organizing and running competitions, shared tasks, or leaderboards in natural language processing. 
Experience with machine learning, statistical inference, and statistical modelling and analysis for natural language processing. 
Experience with natural language generation tasks, such as dialog generation, machine translation, or summarization. 
Experience with Deep Learning frameworks, such as PyTorch or TensorFlow, and pretrained language models. 
Background in experimental research in sociology or sociolinguistics, pragmatics, or discourse. 
Candidates who may not have all these preferred qualifications are encouraged to apply. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 10 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Data Scientist salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,109 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
