
 
 
 
 Sales Incentive Compensation Analyst - Bozeman, MT - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sales Incentive Compensation Analyst FICO 165 reviews Bozeman, MT FICO 165 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description FICO (NYSE: FICO)  is a leading global analytics software company, helping businesses in 90+ countries make better decisions. Join our world-class team today and fulfill your career potential!
 Job Summary
 The Business Operations-Analyst will join the sales incentive compensation team and own the execution of sales incentive plans for the sales teams. We are looking for an experienced individual who values accuracy, thrives in the details, uses critical thinking to find solutions, can prioritize work to meet deadlines and has an appreciation for process efficiencies. This role is the key point of contact for the sales organization for their incentive plans and must build relationships as a trusted partner. As a member of a global business operations team, this person must possess the desire and ability to work well in a fast-paced and complex environment where taking ownership and initiative is the foundation for success.
 Job Description
 Closely partner with various departments across FICO including Sales Leaders, Regional Sales Operations, HR, Payroll, Accounting, Finance, Legal and IT to align and support the implementation and administration of sales incentive plans.
 Maintain a thorough understanding of the incentive plan component mechanics to ensure payments are accurate and in compliance with each participant’s sales incentive plan document.
 Support the annual incentive planning process including the development of quotas, territories and plan structure for each plan participant. Deploy the assignments within Xactly and distribute incentive plan documents.
 Execute the calculation of incentive payments using the incentive compensation management tool Xactly Incent. Administer and manage day-to-day operations in the tool required to process a participant’s payment.
 Create and produce reports to support control procedures required for audit compliance for payroll submission of incentive payments.
 Track, research and resolve commission inquiries and disputes and provide solutions to Management to resolve complex commission exceptions as needed.
 Support the development and execution of SPIF programs.
 Provide enablement to plan participants in the use of Xactly including delivery of sales incentive plan documents, system navigation and calculation inquiries. Evaluate the Xactly tool interface to ensure it continues to meet the needs of incentive reporting for the end user.
 Generate quota and incentive attainment reports and other ad hoc sales performance reporting as requested. Produce reports that supply insight and guidance to enhance sales productivity.
 Provide recommendations for operational efficiencies and process improvements and assist in change initiatives from requirements gathering through adoption.
 Communicate effectively and professionally in all forms of communication with internal and external customers.
 Why Make a Move to FICO?
 At FICO, you can develop your career with a leading organization in one of the fastest-growing fields in technology today – Big Data analytics. You’ll play a part in our commitment to help businesses use data to improve every choice they make, using advances in artificial intelligence, machine learning, predictive and prescriptive modeling, and much more.
 FICO makes a real difference in the way businesses operate worldwide:
 Credit Scoring — 150+ billion FICO Scores have been sold to date, making it the most used credit score in the world.
 Fraud Detection and Security — 2.6+ billion payment cards globally are protected by FICO fraud systems.
 Lending — 3/4 of US mortgages are approved using the FICO Score.
 Anti-Money Laundering — our solutions check more than half a billion transactions a day to prevent criminal schemes such as terrorist financing
 Global trends toward digital transformation have created tremendous demand for FICO’s solutions, placing us among the world’s top 100 software companies by revenue. We support many of the world’s largest banks, insurers, retailers, telecommunications providers and other firms reach a new level of success.
 Our success is dependent on really talented people – just like  you  – who thrive on the collaboration and innovation that’s nurtured by a diverse and inclusive environment. We’ll provide the support you need, while ensuring you have the freedom to develop your skills and grow your career. Join FICO and help change the way business thinks!
 Learn more about how you can fulfill your potential at www.fico.com/Careers
 FICO values the benefit that diversity and a culture of inclusion bring to our workplace. We are an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and we’re proud to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants without regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. FICO 29 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Compensation Analyst jobs in Bozeman, MT Jobs at FICO in Bozeman, MT Compensation Analyst salaries in Bozeman, MT Company Info Follow Get job updates from FICO FICO 165 reviews At FICO, you can advance your career within one of the fastest-growing fields in technology today - analytics. With our industry leading ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
