
 
 
 
 Computational Biologist - Livermore, CA 94550 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Computational Biologist Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory 170 reviews Livermore, CA 94550 Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory 170 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Description 
 Join us and make YOUR mark on the World! 
Are you interested in joining some of the brightest talent in the world to strengthen the United States’ security? Come join Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) where our employees apply their expertise to create solutions for BIG ideas that make our world a better place. 
We are committed to a diverse and equitable workforce with an inclusive culture that values and celebrates the diversity of our people, talents, ideas, experiences, and perspectives. This is essential to innovation and creativity for continued success of the Laboratory’s mission. 
 Job Description 
 We have an opening for a staff scientist in the area of quantitative and computational biology. Opportunities exist to further scientific understanding of the genetic and environmental determinants of quantitative traits contributing to fitness, cognitive performance, metabolic output, disease susceptibility, and resistance to other cytological stressors. You will develop new methods, tools, and workflows for analysis of molecular and phenotypic data to identify biomarkers that are correlated with health and disease phenotypes. The selected candidate will also exploit real-world data sets to obtain insight into biological phenomena of interest. This position is in the Genomics group in the Biosciences and Biotechnology Division. 
In this role you will: 
Apply statistical analyses and develop predictive models to understand a diverse range of quantitative traits and human phenotypes. 
Design and conduct complex computational analyses of diverse datasets including phenotypic, molecular and metabolic data, such as generated by biosensors, bioimaging, whole genome DNA sequencing-based genomics data, and mass spectrometry metabolomics and proteomics data. 
Research, design, and implement analysis techniques and computing approaches to model interactions between molecular and metabolic factors to identify trends and predict disease outcomes. 
Perform quality analysis, quality control, and other independent tests of third-party algorithms, analysis methods, and data collection procedures and verify validity of results. 
Pursue independent (but complementary) research interests and interact with a broad spectrum of scientists internally and externally to the Laboratory. 
Publish research results in peer-reviewed scientific or technical journals and present results at external conferences seminars and/or technical meetings. 
Organize, analyze, and present data from research at seminars, technical meetings, national and international conferences. 
 Qualifications 
 Ph.D. in computational biology, computational neuroscience, applied mathematics, bioinformatics, or a related field, or equivalent level of demonstrated knowledge and relevant experience. 
Significant experience in quantitative and computational biology 
Ability to develop and apply novel analytic techniques and modeling approaches to the study of living systems. 
Experience with statistical analysis and data visualization. 
Familiarity with quantitative phenotyping assays, to include tests of cognitive ability, athletic performance, working memory, and executive function. 
Ability to develop independent research projects in quantitative and computational biology, as demonstrated through publication of peer-reviewed literature. 
Advanced verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills to collaborate effectively in a multidisciplinary team environment and present and explain technical information. 
Qualifications we desire: 
Experience with containerization toolkits such as Docker or Singularity and familiarity with high performance computing environments, including experience with workload managers such as Slurm, PBS/Torque, or Kubernetes. 
Experience with quantitative health analytics and systems biology and multi-omics data analysis. 
Experience with Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning and applications to biological data. 
 Additional Information 
 Why Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory? 
Included in 2020 Best Places to Work by Glassdoor! 
Work for a premier innovative national Laboratory 
Comprehensive Benefits Package 
Flexible schedules (*depending on project needs) 
Collaborative, creative, inclusive, and fun team environment 
Learn more about our company, selection process, position types and security clearances by visiting our Career site. 
Security Clearance 
LLNL is a Department of Energy (DOE) and National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) Laboratory. Most positions will require a DOE L or Q clearance (please reference Security Clearance requirement). If you are selected, we will initiate a Federal background investigation to determine if you meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or matter. In addition, all L or Q cleared employees are subject to random drug testing. An L or Q clearance requires U.S. citizenship. If you hold multiple citizenships (U.S. and another country), you may be required to renounce your non-U.S. citizenship before a DOE L or Q clearance will be processed/granted. For additional information please see DOE Order 472.2. 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
LLNL is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer that values and hires a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, protected veteran status, age, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws. 
If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please submit a request via our online form. 
California Privacy Notice 
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) grants privacy rights to all California residents. The law also entitles job applicants, employees, and non-employee workers to be notified of what personal information LLNL collects and for what purpose. The Employee Privacy Notice can be accessed here. Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory 7 days ago original job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Biologist jobs in Livermore, CA Jobs at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in Livermore, CA Biologist salaries in Livermore, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory 170 reviews For more than 60 years, the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory has applied science and technology to make the world a safer place.
... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
