
 
 
 
 Senior Supply Chain Specialist - Scottsdale, AZ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Supply Chain Specialist General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 415 reviews Scottsdale, AZ General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 415 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Basic Qualifications :
 
Bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent experience is required plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree without work experience. 
 
 CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS: 
Applicants selected may be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required. 
Responsibilities for this Position:
 
Help make the technologies, products and services that make a difference. That’s the opportunity that’s waiting for you at General Dynamics Mission Systems. We help our nation’s heroes keep our nation safe by creating solutions so advanced, they redefine innovation for the world. It’s an amazing challenge. And it’s waiting for you now.
 
 
We apply advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, AR/VR, Cloud Native and Quantum Physics to solve our customers’ missions in cyber, RF, undersea, interstellar and everything in between.
 
 
As the Senior Supply Chain Specialist, you’ll work directly with management to address all aspects of supply chain management, including procurement support, commodity business plans, market trends assessment, pricing and product availability. This will entail utilizing your strong attention to detail skills to prepare and issue purchase orders and agreements, and ensure all procurement actions which commit the company are properly documented, reviewed and approved consistent with policy and procedure, identifying any potential risks in terms and conditions. You must be able to work and succeed in a fast-paced, deadline driven procurement/proposal environment while demonstrating strong presentation, communication, team building and leadership skills. 
 
 
 What you’ll experience: 
Technologies that aren’t just top-notch, they’re often top-secret 
A team of bold thinkers committed to exploring what’s next 
Opportunities to gain new knowledge - as it’s discovered 
What you bring to the table: 
A Bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent experience plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree without work experience 
Ability to understand relevant procurement practices and principles, including quality processes, counterfeit parts, and other compliance requirements such as federal, state, Federal Acquisition Requirements/DFAR, and local laws 
Solid analytical and negotiation skills applied to increasingly complex price analysis strategies 
Sound understanding of ERP/MRP systems and procurement strategies 
What sets you apart: 
Exceptional communication skills with the ability to multi-task 
Commitment to ongoing professional development 
Professional acumen and general business awareness 
Company Overview:
 
General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS)  engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 12,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team! 
 
General Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/Disability/Veteran General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Supply Chain Specialist jobs in Scottsdale, AZ Jobs at General Dynamics Mission Systems in Scottsdale, AZ Senior Supply Chain Specialist salaries in Scottsdale, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 415 reviews General Dynamics Mission Systems is a business unit of General Dynamics, the global aerospace and defense company. We are a leading provi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
