
 
 
 
 Account Managers - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Account Managers Babylon Health 33 reviews Remote Remote Babylon Health 33 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are a team on a mission, to put accessible and affordable healthcare in the hands of every person on earth. Our mission is bold and ambitious, and it’s one that’s shared by our team who shares our values, to dream big, build fast and be brilliant. 
To achieve this, we’ve brought together one of the largest teams of scientists, clinicians, mathematicians and engineers to focus on combining the ever-growing computing power of machines, with the best medical expertise of humans, to create a comprehensive, immediate and personalized health service and make it universally available. 
At Babylon our people aren’t just part of a team, they’re part of something bigger. We’re a vibrant community of creative thinkers and doers, forging the way for a new generation of healthcare. We’re only as good as our people. So, finding the best people is everything to us. 
We serve millions, but we choose our people one at a time… 
This position will play an integral role in driving the company’s performance by building, optimising, and expanding our commercial business. 
 
 We are looking for someone who will work closely with our Global GTM(go-to-market) Revenue Owners to increase growth year-on-year with a specific account or accounts, while taking responsibility for ongoing revenue and day-to-day ownership (including relationships with customers and internal stakeholders). 
This role covers the full growth process from identifying leads with new prospects through contracting and ongoing commercial success and up-selling, and reports to the Revenue Owner who owns the portfolio the account is part of. 
 Key Responsibilities: 
Continuous and significant revenue generation, working with new and existing accounts. 
Support the development of business requirements with business development team and liaise with Product and Clinical Operations on the appropriate solution, ensuring it is scalable and aligned with Babylon’s global roadmaps and delights our customers. 
Responsibility for the management of day-to-day customer relationships. 
Lead regular business reviews for each account. 
Lead work to understand external customer/partner needs and work collaboratively with internal product and delivery teams to maximise opportunities, produce modelling and reporting to support strategic and financial planning for new and existing opportunities.
 Conduct strategic account planning using Salesforce alongside their Revenue Owner to determine opportunities for account growth and ensuring visibility on progress with each account. 
 Key Skills required: 
Strong interpersonal and negotiation skills, including the ability to convince others of the right path of action. 
Ability to manage complex processes and analytical tasks - conception thru delivery. 
Ability to take the lead on work-up of commercial and legal aspects of deals, bringing in the right people across Babylon to support. 
Ability to bring high standards of integrity to all commercial discussions - prioritising solutions that meet and exceed the needs of the customer and service users. 
Ability to build and foster deep professional relationships with customers and partners. 
Excellent communication and presentation skills, including ability to represent Babylon at external events, including presenting to senior customers. 
Excellent organisational skills and strong ability to effectively operate under high pressure environments, with high levels of ambiguity and tight deadlines. 
Ability to combine great energy and entrepreneurship - be inquisitive and challenge the status quo. 
Confident, logical problem solving, able to come up with practical solutions. 
Ability to prioritise and make decisions intelligently, with strong financial and commercial discipline. 
 Experience required: 
3-5 years of account management experience within the Healthcare space - payer or provider (required) 
Experience in Account Management  selling into Health plans  vs and account manager at a health plan 
Located in the US. 
Experience in cross-sell/upsell initiatives within existing accounts they manage 
Success in moving revenue needle within existing client base 
Passion, drive and determination to drive implementation "post contract sign" 
 Background: 
Significant experience and understanding of the US healthcare market 
Prior Account Management/Sales experience 
Experience working in healthcare technology, artificial intelligence software or other disruptive technology 
Comfort and experience presenting to, at a minimum, mid level executives (VP/Director level) and developing relationships with them to expand the business into the Regions under the corporate umbrella 
Contract management, project reporting and tracking, negotiations, pricing and financial management experience 
Experience working in organisations undergoing hyper-growth 
Relevant graduate qualification or its equivalent 
 We believe that difference inspires a better, healthier world. That’s why it’s at the heart of everything we do. From our people to our products, difference enriches every part of our business and creates a culture based on equality of opportunity, and in which all Babylonians can progress their careers. We’re committed to creating an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, pregnancy status, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
At Babylon, we have Power of Diversity groups (PODs) to drive positive engagements that create and foster a diverse and inclusive environment and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse pool of candidates. 
Our mission is to put an accessible and affordable health service in the hands of every person on earth. Diversity and inclusion play a key role in helping us bring this mission to life and create a true sense of belonging for all. Babylon Health 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Account Manager jobs in Remote Jobs at Babylon Health in Remote Account Manager salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Babylon Health Babylon Health 33 reviews babylon is a personal health service aiming to make healthcare more accessible and affordable to people around the world, by combining th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
