
 
 
 
 Foreign Military Sales Director - Washington, DC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Foreign Military Sales Director Voyager Labs Washington, DC Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About The Position 
 Who are we? 
We make the invisible visible.  Deep digital investigation platforms for your most complex challenges. 
VoyagerLabs enables investigators and analysts to collect and analyze massive amounts of complex digital unstructured data and acquire actionable, previously unattainable insights. Leading government and law enforcement agencies, as well as private sector clients, use our cutting-edge AI technology in the United States and worldwide to gain a vital edge in the battle against crime, fraud, terror, trafficking, internal threats and other risks. 
Each of our employees has the chance to both make the world a better place, and grow and develop his/her skills in a growing, dynamic and fast-paced environment. 
Your Upcoming Challenge 
As our Foreign Military Sales Director, you will be part of our Federal Government sales team (DOD, DHS, DOJ, etc). You will accelerate and impact the business by defining, implementing and executing sales activities and strategies. You will introduce our cutting-edge AI technology to executive level stakeholders within the  DSCA . The ideal candidate is a true hunter, who who has strong connections at the DSCA, familiar with the Agency’s way of doing business and knows how to identify and attract the relevant stakeholders. 
In This Job You Will 
Develop and execute a strategic plan to expand the business with the DSCA 
Act as a true hunter, pursue large opportunities and introduce new cutting-edge AI solutions and technologies to the market 
Develop relationships with key ecosystem partners, supporting growth of our products 
Bring the voice of our customers’ needs and requirements in order to enhance our products and bring value to the customers. 
Develop account engagement strategy in collaboration with additional company stakeholders 
 Requirements 
 What do you bring to the table? 
10+ years of experience as a sales executive in the federal space. 
Ex DSCA employee or experience in selling to the DSCA
 Experience selling enterprise-wide software solutions with big data, artificial intelligence, machine learning, BI, investigation solutions or a related field 
Knowledge in OSINT and investigation related arena is a plus 
Ability to work effectively in a team and as an individual contributor. 
Motivated, energized, hungry to succeed and learn new technologies. 
Excellent client-facing and communication skills. 
Strong networking and influencing skills. 
BA or higher degree. 
Willingness to travel regularly - 25%-50%. 
 
 Voyager Labs is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin! , protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. Voyager Labs 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Sales Director jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at Voyager Labs in Washington, DC Sales Director salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Voyager Labs Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
