
 
 
 
 US Cyber Security Analyst - Sanger, CA 93657 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search US Cyber Security Analyst Ava 41 reviews Sanger, CA 93657 Remote Ava 41 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Part-time Full Job Description Introduction
 Ava is a global technology company with offices in the UK, Norway, and the USA. We exist because we believe that we can create a better, smarter way to deliver security.
 We inject intelligence into our approach to security and all our solutions. We help organizations see, understand, and act on their surroundings to protect their people, business, and reputation in real-time.
 We know that the best way to meet our goals is with a diverse team, where everyone’s voice is heard. We’re proud that our company comprises 24 nationalities and we’re always looking to increase the variety of ideas and points of view at Ava.
 We founded Ava Cyber in 2016 and Ava Video in 2018 and the two companies merged in 2020 to become a unified security provider with extensive capital investment from Ubon Partners. About this position
 We are looking for highly technical Cyber Security Analyst to join our commercial team in locations across the US.
 Our Cyber Security Analysts are a critical part of our sales process, working side by side with a very professional sales team. Analysts evangelize the threat landscape as observed by Ava Reveal. An ideal candidate is familiar with Threat Hunting and can investigate threats in dynamic environments. This role encourages creativity, problem solving and attention to detail within customer environments.
 
 Your Job: 
Investigating customer environments for potential threats
 
Complete understanding of the Ava Reveal product and technical capabilities
 
Conduct effective POC Security Reviews and present your findings to the customer
 
Periodically investigate active production environments and deliver reports and remediation steps
 
Work with internal development team to relay customer feedback so we can incorporate it into our agile development process
 
Assist in training our customers
 
Stay up to date on the threat landscape
 About you
 You’re not expected to have all of the following skills, but they will be useful in performing your job.
 
 We are looking for someone who: 
5+ years’ experience in cyber security analyst role
 
Knowledge and recent experience with Python programming and APIs is preferred but not required
 
Desire to learn new and disruptive technology in the industry
 
Start-up and Entrepreneurial experience encouraged
 
Effective communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills
 
Proven and quantifiable track record of overachievement
 
Good all-around knowledge of the security market
 
Self-starter, goal-oriented, and takes ownership
 
Great interpersonal, communication and presentation skills
 
However, all experience levels will be considered.
 
 Skills: 
Experience working with Cyber Security DLP, EDR, UEBA and other Cyber technologies
 Experience with Ava Reveal/Jazz Networks, ObeservIT, DarkTrace, Force Point, CheckPoint, Code42, Digital Guardian, McAfee, Proofpoint.
 Experience creating Analyst Reports for customers.
 Understanding of network and exfiltration methods.
 Does this sound like you? We'd love you to apply, even if you don't meet 100% of the requirements and qualifications. What we offer
 
Attractive salary with the possibility for stock options
 
Flexible working hours
 
Full-time role with a competitive base salary, and sales commissions
 
A remote-friendly organization, with colleagues working remotely either part or full-time
 
A startup with solid financial backing and long-term horizon
 
An international group of colleagues, working on anything from hardware, software, user experience, artificial intelligence, machine learning, audio/video processing, and analytics, mechanical, and industrial design.
 
Candidate will work from home with up to 20% travel
 
Ava is dedicated to encouraging and sustaining a culture of inclusion. We know that we are able to develop and learn better with a diverse group of people. The experiences, ideas, knowledge, self-expression and talent of our employees forms our culture and is instrumental in our success.
 We are an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to and will not be discriminated against based on age, race, gender, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or any other protected category. AVA 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job IT Security Specialist jobs in Sanger, CA Jobs at Ava in Sanger, CA IT Security Specialist salaries in Sanger, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ava 41 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
