
 
 
 
 Investor Relations Director - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Investor Relations Director Synopsys 261 reviews Mountain View, CA Synopsys 261 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. 29516BR 
 USA - California - Mountain View/Sunnyvale
 Job Description and Requirements 
 Company 
Synopsys technology is at the heart of innovations that are changing the way we work and play. Autonomous vehicles. Artificial intelligence. The cloud. 5G. In this era of Smart Everything, devices are getting smarter, everything’s connected, and everything must be secure. As an S&P 500 company with more than $4 billion in revenue and 15,000 employees worldwide, Synopsys has a long history of being a global leader in electronic design automation (EDA) and semiconductor IP. We also have the broadest portfolio of software security and quality tools and services, and was named a leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for application security testing for the fourth year in a row. We’re enthusiastic learners, inventors and visionaries who make technology safer and more secure. We embrace diversity as a company, so we can create solutions that serve not just technology but the humans behind it. Learn more at www.synopsys.com. 
 
 Position 
This position has a high degree of visibility with senior executives within the Company and within the financial community. The successful candidate will help develop and execute a strategically focused investor relations program and have the ability to impact the Company’s financial strategy and messaging. 
 
Reporting to the Vice President of Investor Relations, this person will become a key spokesperson and liaison for the sell-side and buy-side communities. This position will work with executive, finance, product, strategy, legal and marketing teams to analyze, strategize and develop high-impact messages. 
Responsibilities will include: 
Cultivation and development of relationships within the investment and analyst communities. 
Analysis of business and financial fundamentals of the company and its competitors/peers. 
Valuation comparisons across EDA and other relevant industries. 
Partner with VP in preparation of earnings scripts, Q&As, supplemental financial documents and corporate presentations 
Review SEC filings; take part in Disclosure Committee. 
Help in educating company representatives about disclosure (Reg FD and others) parameters and cautions. 
Partner with department to develop and deploy proactive targeting strategy. 
Help the team in coordinating events, prep sessions, speaker coaching, conference logistics/materials, etc. 
Partner with other areas of the CFO organization to help drive corporate financial strategy and execution. 
Some travel required. 
Preferred Skills/Experience 
Solid analytical skills and business judgment. Solid understanding of finance and investments. 
At least 10 years of experience in a related role such as investor relations, fund management/analysis, financial planning and analysis, sell-side analysis, treasury, and/or accounting (broad-based; SEC reporting). 
An outstanding reputation of credibility, strategic thinking, depth and breadth of understanding and complete, thoughtful and accurate work products. 
A successful track record managing both internal and external relationships. Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships across organizational boundaries. 
A demonstrated ability to interact with professionals in various functional areas. Identify conflicting messages throughout the organization. Drive resolution via tactful influence. 
Outstanding oral and written communication and presentation skills. Influential, organized and articulate. 
Proactive and hands-on manager, willing to get deeply involved in all aspects of Investor Relations, both strategically and tactically. 
The ability to work under pressure and a poised and capable demeanor. 
Investor Relations experience is helpful, but not required, if there is a demonstrated interest in investments and/or Wall Street. 
Bachelor’s degree in Finance/Accounting or equivalent experience. CFA and/or MBA or other related Master’s degree preferred. 
Security and/or software industry experience preferred. 
At Synopsys, we’re at the heart of the innovations that change the way we work and play. Self-driving cars. Artificial Intelligence. The cloud. 5G. The Internet of Things. These breakthroughs are ushering in the Era of Smart Everything. And we’re powering it all with the world’s most advanced technologies for chip design and software security. If you share our passion for innovation, we want to meet you. 
Inclusion and Diversity are important to us. Synopsys considers all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, military veteran status, or disability. 
#LI-DNI 
 Job Category 
 Finance
 Country 
 United States
 Job Subcategory 
 Investor Relations
 Hire Type 
 Employee Synopsys 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Synopsys in Mountain View, CA Director salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Synopsys Synopsys 261 reviews Synopsys technology is at the heart of innovations that are changing the way people work and play. Self-driving cars. Machines that learn... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
