
 
 
 
 Human Factors Engineering Lead, Google Health - Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Human Factors Engineering Lead, Google Health Google 3,878 reviews Palo Alto, CA Google 3,878 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's in Human Factors Engineering (HFE), Cognitive Science, or equivalent practical experience. 
 7 years of experience with medical device development, including all HFE activities (e.g. conducting, planning, and executing formative and summative validation studies).
 Experience with design controls and quality systems in a regulated environment. 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Master's degree or Ph.D. in Human Factors/Usability/Ergonomics/User Experience, Industrial Engineering, Cognitive Psychology or related Engineering Science. 
 10 years of human factors/usability engineering experience.
 Experience developing and scaling human factors programs in accordance with FDA guidance and other relevant international standards (e.g., IEC 62366, AAMI HE75, ISO 14971). 
 Experience interacting with FDA and other regulatory bodies in the context of new or ongoing product approval submissions (510k and PMA). 
 Experience conducting HFE/Usability Engineering on Software-as-a-Medical-Device (SaaMD). 
 Demonstrable ability to work with multidisciplinary teams and/or experience managing a small team. 
 About the job 
 
At Google we’re committed to improving the lives of as many people as possible. One of the most important areas in which we’re striving to do that is health. 
 Today we’re studying the use of artificial intelligence to assist in diagnosing cancer, predicting patient outcomes, preventing blindness, and much more. We’re exploring ways to improve patient care, including tools that are already being used by clinicians.
 We are looking for an experienced Human Factors Engineering (HFE) leader to play a key role in bringing innovative medical devices to market by planning, managing, and overseeing HFE activities across Google Health’s portfolio. You will work closely with our Quality, Regulatory, Safety, and User Experience Research (UXR) teams to establish a robust, dedicated HFE program at Google Health by creating efficient, scalable processes, advising on Human Factors across the organization, and training User Experience and product teams to support our portfolio of products on regulated medical device pathways. 
 You will collaborate with product teams to develop timelines for regulatory HFE activities, identify use-related risks, and drive documentation for regulated products. You’ll develop task lists, conduct task analysis, analyze predicate devices and known use errors, and work closely with the UXR team to plan and execute studies. You’ll also drive formative and summative evaluations by working with cross-functional teams (e.g. Quality, Regulatory, Safety, UXR, Product, Engineering) to define critical tasks, author usability validation protocols, execute studies, and prepare summative reports for submissions. We are seeking a strong teammate with deep experience conducting HFE work and a passion for building safe, effective medical devices. 
Google Health has made major advances in healthcare research, such as detecting eye disease more quickly and accurately than experts, planning cancer radiotherapy treatment in seconds rather than hours, and working to detect patient deterioration before it happens with electronic records. 
 
Fundamental research is at the core of Google Health - the multidisciplinary team collaborates with partners to publish novel research in renowned scientific journals. They then work to apply this research into the medical field, whether through Streams, our clinical assistant app, or other clinical hardware and products developed in Google. Working alongside colleagues across Google, you’ll help make this vision a reality. 
Responsibilities 
 Develop internal Human Factors processes to ensure consistency, compliance and efficiency, and provide HFE training to product teams. 
 Develop timelines for formative research and lead strategy for summative validation studies which includes development of safety-critical tasks, creating test plans/protocols, and writing validation reports. 
 Execute, summarize, and organize formative and summative research in partnership with UXR. Advise teams on required HF activities in accordance with FDA guidance and other relevant international standards (e.g., IEC 62366, AAMI HE75, ISO 14971). 
 Interact with regulatory authorities during face-to-face meetings and in written responses. 
 Map and anticipate organization-wide HFE needs and scale the HFE program appropriately. Present to senior leaders a comprehensive HF strategy and implementation plan. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineering Lead jobs in Palo Alto, CA Jobs at Google in Palo Alto, CA Engineering Lead salaries in Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,878 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
