
 
 
 
 RPA Developer - Charlotte, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search RPA Developer Surya Systems Charlotte, NC Overview 
 RPA Developer 
 Location: Charlotte, NC (or others as necessary) 
 Duration: 24 months 
 
 Job Duties: 
 Acts in the highest level technical role as an individual contributor and/or team lead for the most complex computer applications and/or application initiatives. Utilizes a thorough understanding of available technology, tools, and existing designs. Works on the most complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires evaluation of intangible variance factors. Plans, performs, and acts as the escalation point for the most complex platform designs, coding, and testing. Leads most complex multiple modeling, simulations, and analysis efforts. Acts as expert technical resource to lead the design, development and implementation of new process automations and continuously improving the operational maturity of the systems and processes by leveraging Robotic Process Automation, Artificial Intelligence and other technologies. 
 
 Responsibilities include 
 Analysis, design, develop, test and provide technical oversight over new technology or business process automation projects and implementing proactive operational controls (monitors / alerts) for applications
 Accountable for leading multiple automation projects at any given time.
 Responsible for producing functional system design and technical solution design documents and interface data mapping. Must also conduct walk through meetings of
 the produced documents with impacted technical/system groups, testing groups, servicing groups, and business groups.
 Support technical and testing groups in root cause analysis of system defects.
 Acts as a liaison between business and technical organizations by planning, conducting, and directing the analysis of complex business problems to be solved with automated systems.
 Provides technical assistance in identifying, evaluating, and developing systems and procedures that are cost effective and meet business requirements.
 Works with user groups to provide training, resolve questions, assess user needs, and recommend changes. Prepares specifications for system changes.
 May develop systems test plan components and test scripts. 
 
 Requirements: 
 3+ years of direct experience and strong knowledge in one or more of the following Robotic Process Automation (RPA) technologies
 Blue Prism, UI Path, Automation Anywhere
 5+ years of experience delivering complex enterprise wide information technology solutions
 5+ years of information technology design experience including systems, applications or architecture
 5+ years of experience working with application and system monitoring tools to measure performance and conduct triage during issue root cause analysis
 3+ years of Agile development experience
 Strong data analytical and problem solving skills
 Strong verbal and written communication skills
 Professional certifications in the RPA tools is preferredCON Surya Systems 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Developer jobs in Charlotte, NC Jobs at Surya Systems in Charlotte, NC Developer salaries in Charlotte, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Surya Systems Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
