
 
 
 
 Operations - Boulder, CO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Operations Fathom Radiant Boulder, CO Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About us 
Fathom Radiant is building computer hardware to train neural networks at the human brain-scale and beyond. By combining the complementary strengths of optics and electronics, we have developed a revolutionary interconnect fabric that enables a flexible machine with the network capacity of a supercomputer and unprecedented scalability. 
 
 Our founding team has previously founded startups with more than $500 million in exits. We are well-funded from investors including Khosla Ventures, Jeff Bezos, and many others. 
Our mission 
Fathom was founded using first-principles thinking to build hardware that can enable artificial general intelligence. We don't consider beneficial advancement inevitable and believe that we can make the difference in how and when safe machine intelligence is developed. 
As a public benefit corporation, we are bound by our charter to help mitigate the risks that such technology creates and ensure that its benefits are shared by all. To pursue these goals we have chosen to establish an independent ethics board, collaborate with other groups focused on beneficial AI, and investigate policy mechanisms for the differential advancement of AI alignment research. 
Our values 
In our people, we above all value kindness, a scout mindset, a focus on improvement, and prioritising to get the right things done. 
 
 We aim to build one of the most potentially transformative technologies in the world, with massive social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we are actively striving to have a range of diverse perspectives on our team. 
 
 Help us build the future of beneficial AI. 
 
 This role 
Very powerful computing hardware is strategically relevant to AGI research, affecting, when, how, and where AGI is developed. We plan to use this strategic advantage to advance alignment research, help prevent misuse, and aid coordination between value-aligned actors. In this role, you can help magnify the productivity and focus of our team, helping Fathom stay mission-focused and driven to have a large positive effect on the future of machine intelligence. We're making sure that the advanced computing hardware we’re building is a good thing for the world, by forming a capable safety board, implementing a windfall clause, and prioritizing strategies for differentially advancing safety research, among other initiatives. 
Our ideal candidate will care deeply about our mission. We're a small company now so you'd be joining just before we expand 6x in the next 9 months. We're looking for people with a range of skills within strategy, productivity, legal, HR, finance, facilities, but we don't require experience across every single one of these. We're especially excited about people who are willing to learn new things and jump in wherever help is needed, with plenty of support. 
We'll be hiring multiple people within operations roles, so if you think you could be great for this role, even if you only have experience in one or two of the areas below, please consider applying. 
Job description 
Strategy  (e.g. setting up our safety board, planning security measures, secrecy policy, building internal strategy team) 
Culture  (setting internal norms on communication, feedback and meetings, translating company mission and values into day-to-day work practice, team events, deciding on and setting up relevant tools, diversity, equity and inclusion) 
Preference modelling  (figuring out what people need and how they need it) 
Communications  (PR, website) 
HR  (on-boarding, payroll, stock options, benefits package, offer letters) 
IP  (patent filings, patent tracking and management) 
Finance  (coordinating with accountants, financial projections, expense management, accounts payable, bookkeeping) 
Fundraising  (financials, diligence, talking with lawyers, helping with grants) 
Corporation  (filing, fees, documents, talking with investors, cap table management) 
Office management  (Setup: buying equipment (kitchen, desks), setting up meeting rooms and office flow, Ongoing: scheduling, coordinating, running team meetings, ordering ongoing supplies (office, scientific)) 
What we're looking for 
Open  - you share and seek information, including critical feedback 
Inclusive  - you help ensure that Fathom is a place where everyone who embodies our core values can succeed 
Optimization  - you create systems to simplify processes and find software and tools to make your job easier 
Mission-motivated  - you care about contributing to what Fathom needs most and getting things done, even if it’s not always glamorous 
Owning your work  - you pursue the underlying goal of a project by using your own judgment and discretion 
Project management  - you can successfully manage a project from beginning to end, from the big picture to the minor details 
Task prioritization and organization  - you are able to effectively prioritize and organize a wide variety of responsibilities 
Strong communication  - you are responsive and communicate clearly, helpfully and kindly 
For all roles, we target market salaries, with an additional benefits package. Our comprehensive benefits include startup equity, medical expenses coverage, and healthy meals. 
We highly encourage submission of a brief cover letter, just tell us why you're here (using the form when you submit an application). Fathom Radiant 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Operations Associate jobs in Boulder, CO Jobs at Fathom Radiant in Boulder, CO Operations Associate salaries in Boulder, CO Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
