
 
 
 
 Data Scientist Technical Trainee - St. Louis, MO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Technical Trainee Booz Allen Hamilton 2,256 reviews St. Louis, MO Booz Allen Hamilton 2,256 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Challenge: 
Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As an aspiring data scientist, you know you can help turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection to cancer research, to national intelligence — you see data scientists turning data into actions and you want to be part of the team. 
 
We have an opportunity for you to develop your analytical skills and establish your career in data science. You’ll join a rigorous training program that combines skills assessments, a comprehensive curriculum, functional mentorship, a capstone analytic challenge, and support to place you on your first data science project. You’ll learn how to write scripts to integrate data, conduct exploratory data analysis to discover hidden trends, apply machine learning to train predictive models, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers that inform decisions. Equipped with the foundational data science skills to accelerate your career, you’ll join a team and apply those skills to support our clients’ critical national security missions. Embrace the challenge and join us in driving change through data science. 
 
Empower change with us. 
 
 You Have: 
 Experience with querying or analyzing data to answer questions and solve problems Experience with visualizing data to identify or communicate key insights Knowledge of basic concepts in mathematics and statistics Ability to learn a programming language TS/SCI clearance BA or BS degree 
 
Nice If You Have: Ability to work effectively in a collaborative team environment Ability to pursue a career in data science 
Clearance:
 Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required. 
Build Your Career: 
At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect: 
access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk 
a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition 
participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government 
You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, onsite boot camps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success. 
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change. Booz Allen Hamilton 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in St. Louis, MO Jobs at Booz Allen Hamilton in St. Louis, MO Data Scientist salaries in St. Louis, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Booz Allen Hamilton Booz Allen Hamilton 2,256 reviews At Booz Allen, we believe that your talents are the gateway to tomorrow. Working at the leading-edge of AI, data science, digital transfo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
