
 
 
 
 People Operations Lead - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications People Operations Lead kapwing San Francisco, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Video editing is the final frontier of software tools moving to the cloud. Our work of making next-gen tools for today's creators is a challenging, but important endeavor. Join us at Kapwing on our mission to make content creation easy, accessible, and collaborative. 
Everyone is a creator. The problem, however, is that today's tools get in the way of expressing our creativity fully. Especially when it comes to video, the gap between an idea and a video is wide enough that it's hard to even start. 
Our mission at Kapwing is to make content creation easier and more accessible. Our main product, Kapwing Studio, is an online video editor that is both powerful and easy to use. Millions of creators every month choose Kapwing to tell their story and bring their ideas to life. 
 
 Our vision is to build a modern video editing platform that serves as the go-to tool for anyone creating video for Youtube, social media, or work. Being in the browser allows us to turn video editing, a traditionally heavyweight, time consuming workflow, into a joyful, collaborative, and fully-featured experience. We believe that we can use technology to augment the video editing and content creation experience, and we've already started on this path with a wide array of templates, applications of artificial intelligence, and new pipelines for exporting and video processing. 
 
 While software is the core of our product, being creative is the core of our work. Every team at Kapwing, from engineering to content to customer success, values trying new things, moving quickly, and helping creators in new ways. With remote work, remote learning, an economic downturn and the rise of social media as a political advocacy channel, video and media entrepreneurship have never been more relevant for the world. Join us on our journey to democratize creative tools and invent the future stack of video creation. 
We're looking for someone passionate about creating an amazing space, culture, and community for a small and growing team (25 people). This role is available immediately here at Kapwing HQ in San Francisco, reporting to and partnering closely with me, the CEO. As part of a growing company, this role has potential to develop into People Operations, Recruiting, or HR Leadership over time. For now, we're working remotely, so we need this person to be able to help us with virtual events and community as well.
 Responsibilities 
Owns HR systems - onboarding, professional development, company policies, offboarding - that enable Kapwingers to do their best work. Research new initiatives related to benefits, perks, and compensation. 
Create community events that bring the team together and encourage meaningful connections (birthdays, offsites, happy hours, etc) 
Partner with CEO to develop and promote a vision around incredible office culture, wellness, and community 
Recruiting: Manage all interview coordinating. Communicate with candidates for a transparent, efficient, and empathetic experience. Hustle to close candidates.
 Sourcing: Launch new initiatives to source candidates for open roles. Lead events, website updates, and systems to attract more inbound candidates. Manage relationship with vendors to meet recruiting goals.
 Collect info and solicit feedback from teammates. Bring a data driven mindset to Ops and Hiring. 
 Requirements 
2+ years of experience in recruiting, office management, or community relations 
Event planning: Can execute effectively to host virtual and in-person events. Budgeting, working with vendors, logistics. 
Creative: Can think of lots of solutions to a problem and brainstorm ways to delight and go above and beyond in scrappy, cost-effective ways. 
High energy and optimistic: Brings lots of energy and positivity to the team. Can lift people up and help people have fun. 
Community oriented: Loves meeting new people, introducing people to each other, and helping people have a good time. 
[Preferred] Experience working for a startup or small company 
 Values 
Done is better than perfect:  Trying new things quickly matters at Kapwing. We've always believed that the best way to learn is to try to put something out there, and then iterate and improve it over time. 
Get better everyday:  We strive for excellence and we value our craft of writing quality software. At work, we want to challenge ourselves to improve every day. 
Have fun:  We don't take ourselves too seriously here at Kapwing. We're a product that people use to make all sorts of silly memes. 
Inclusion matters:  We take pride in our diverse team and a safe and inclusive community at work. We're a female-founded, female-led company. We actively make sure our office (virtual or not) is a safe space for everyone. 
Speak up:  Kapwing is a place where different stories and opinions are valued. We want kind debates, because we know that they will lead us to the best product. 
Think original:  We love change - and we never want to get stuck in one way of doing things. We embrace what's relevant at any given time. 
Benefits 
Health:  Kapwing offers competitive benefits for well-being, including health, vision, and dental insurance. 
Time off:  We keep reasonable hours, and when it's time to rest, we take that seriously. We offer unlimited paid vacation and ask our team to take minimum 2 weeks off each year. 
Parental Leave:  We offer paid time off for new parents to focus on the things that matter most. 
Team events:  During the pandemic, we've hosted weekly virtual team events for everyone at Kapwing. We get together online for fun events like a flower arrangement workshop, tie dying, making candles, and more. 
Company offsites:  When the world is safe again, we're excited to have some fun company offsites. In the past, we've done ski trips and special dinners. 
Equipment:  We'll give you a new computer and help provide any other office equipment that you need to do your best work. 
Hiring process 
Our hiring process is designed for candidates to learn about our company just as much as it is for our team to learn about a candidate. Most candidates will start with a short, behavioral interview, and depending on the team, a sample project or work oriented interviews will be scheduled afterwards. Throughout our interview process, we strive to have empathy, communication, and professionalism. 
 
 Our Company 
Kapwing is a Series A stage startup backed by top investors including CRV, Kleiner Perkins, Shasta Ventures, and Village Global. You can learn more about our company and the faces on our team by visiting our careers page, reading our popular blog, or following us on Instagram. 
 
 The positions that are currently open at Kapwing are constantly being updated. We also know that the best candidates don't always fit into a role description. If you feel excited about joining us on our mission, please reach out to us with how we could be a good fit. kapwing 22 days ago original job Report job Operations Lead jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at kapwing in San Francisco, CA Operations Lead salaries in San Francisco, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
