
 
 
 
 Senior Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Software Scientist - Santa Clara, CA 95051 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Software Scientist PerformanceStar Santa Clara, CA 95051 Job details Job Type Full-time Part-time Full Job Description PerformanceStar LLC is seeking machine learning/pattern recognition software scientist to join our team. PerformanceStar is a well-funded company that performs R&D on AI based software technologies and algorithms at our Santa Clara Laboratories. The lab was established in 2005 and has been developing innovative machine-learning based predictive technologies (IOT) for improving equipment performance and reliability. 
The successful candidate must thrive on developing new ideas and on implementing outstanding prototypes to showcase the ideas. We are looking for software scientists/programmers to advance our R&D efforts (Full or Part-Time.) We offer a comprehensive and competitive benefits package and a very flexible and rewarding work environment. 
This is a hands-on software development position requiring skilled programming and strong knowledge of computer science technologies. 
Responsibilities 
Develop and implement algorithms and code for analyzing large image and numerical data sets using machine learning algorithms. 
Design and develop prototypes for embedded intelligent controllers, rapid troubleshooting tools, automated diagnosis aids, and prognostics software for high end semiconductor equipment like etching tools, deposition tools, etc. 
Build flexible prototype applications for performing non-trivial analysis and reasoning over rich media data sets (sensor data, video data and audio data). 
Use image and pattern recognition technologies to determine the health of stem-cell colonies based on image and medium analyses. 
Perform analysis on customer data using prototypes to research and solve data analysis, troubleshooting, failure prediction and video/audio understanding problems using machine learning techniques. 
Work with team to improve existing algorithms for scaling up performance – faster processing, improved inferences, and handling larger volume of data/images/audio samples. 
Desired experience and skills 
Degree in Computer Science/Mathematics (M.S. or Ph.D.) 
Experience and interest in building machine learning, pattern recognition and first principal physics based applications. 
Excellent mathematics/statistics knowledge and skills. 
Experience building data driven analysis and classification applications using one or more machine learning algorithms such as NN, SVM, GP, GA, DT, deep learning, etc. 
Experience building, exploring and utilizing data visualization tools and techniques. 
Experience developing real-time control/decision-support systems. 
Knowledge and experience of and with semiconductor manufacturing tools. 
Interested candidates (no third party recruits) can submit their resumes in response to this posting jobs@performance-star.com 
Our current schedule does not allow us to file for H1 visa. PerformanceStar 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at PerformanceStar in Santa Clara, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from PerformanceStar Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
