
 
 
 
 Director of Order Trade and Compliance Technology - Kansas City, MO 64111 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director of Order Trade and Compliance Technology American Century Investments 66 reviews Kansas City, MO 64111 American Century Investments 66 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Our Firm
 American Century Investments® is a leading global asset manager with over 60 years of experience helping investors achieve their financial goals. Serving a broad client base including financial advisors, institutions and individual investors, we offer a wide range of investment strategies across a variety of investment disciplines.
 Privately controlled and independent, we focus solely on investment management. This empowers us to align our decisions with client expectations and concentrate on their long-term money management needs.
 We are committed to providing institutional-quality, actively managed solutions with a performance-centered mindset. Our expertise spans global growth equity, global value equity, disciplined equity, multi-asset strategies, global fixed income, alternatives and ETFs.
 Our culture of winning behaviors exemplifies our dedication to clients every single day.
 Delivering investment results enables us to distribute over 40% of our dividends—or more than $1.5 billion since 2000—to the Stowers Institute for Medical Research, a 550-person, non-profit biomedical research organization with a controlling interest in American Century Investments. Our dividend payments provide ongoing financial support for the Institute’s work of uncovering the causes, treatments and prevention of life-threatening diseases, like cancer.
 Headquartered in Kansas City, MO, we also have offices located in New York; London; Hong Kong; Sydney; El Segundo, CA (Los Angeles area); and Mountain View, CA (Silicon Valley).
 For more information, please visit americancentury.com.
 Position Summary:
 The Director of Order Trade & Compliance Technology leads the technical order generation, trade execution and pre-trade compliance capabilities for the firm. We are undertaking a significant transformation of our Investments technology capabilities, and this person will be essential to supporting this endeavor!
 We have multiple, intricate sets of systems supporting our current capabilities and have built and embedded custom IP within them over the years. In order to maintain our competitive position, we need to retrain and enhance those capabilities while we upgrade our technology estate!
 This is a key leadership role, responsible for inspiring and driving technology teams and working with key business partners. They will lead technology efforts in alignment with the firm’s strategy.
 Specific areas of importance include trading and order management, technology leadership and partnership to business; enterprise technology design and development. They will drive digital transformation through AI, ML and Blockchain; data engineering and data analytics. 
 
 In this role, you will:
 Utilize progressive technologies and design patterns to build a roadmap for trading and executing upgrades within the firm.
 Modernize the deployment of microservices based architecture, cloud technologies, artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies.
 Provide inspirational leadership and management to build strong application development teams.
 Lead and advise business partners on architecture, capabilities, projects, opportunities and problems.
 Participate in enterprise prioritization processes to represent the business needs and gain consensus for allocation of resources to complete the work.
 Offer thought leadership to the firm by encouraging standard methodologies, driving the organization vision, referencing architecture and positively participating in strategy formulation etc.
 Lead technology delivery, plan and lead staffing requirements, scheduling and projects in an agile environment. Review performance, quality, budget, organization and standards of the development team efforts.
 Participate on the Application Development leadership team and actively influence strategic direction for the organization while ensure all tactics are in support of the long-term strategy.
 Improve the productivity, cost-effectiveness and quality of the Information Technology department and business area.
 Ensure accountability of management of security, compliance and audit requirements for all systems, including information security related projects or requests.
 Required Skills/Experience:
 Bachelor’s degree preferably in Computer Science, MBA is preferred.
 15+ years of experience with significant leadership and supervisory tenure, preferably in buy side firms.
 Experience in building and deploying Order Management Systems, Trade Execution technologies, pre and post trade compliance systems.
 Experience with leading OMS systems like CRD, SimCorp OMS, EzeCastle etc. will be helpful.
 A strong expertise in trading and order management architecture.
 Significant experience operating in financial services, with preference for buy-side (asset management, investment manager, hedge fund, mutual fund) experience.
 Working understanding of the entire value chain of investment management including research, portfolio construction, portfolio management, risk management, investments analytics etc.
 Cross asset class knowledge –Equities, Fixed Income, Alternatives and Multi-Asset flows.
 Outstanding interpersonal skills including the ability to communicate with individuals at all levels of the organization in both verbal and written form
 Solid technical knowledge, including expertise in Cloud platforms (AWS preferred), microservices architecture, enterprise integration design patterns, current data engineering practices, and an understanding of artificial intelligence and machine learning.
 Inspirational people leader, who can serve as a role model, to build and lead an Information Technology team.
 Strong enterprise level project management and vendor relationship skills. American Century Investments 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Technology jobs in Kansas City, MO Jobs at American Century Investments in Kansas City, MO Director of Technology salaries in Kansas City, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from American Century Investments American Century Investments 66 reviews American Century Investments is a privately controlled and independent investment management firm. Its headquarters are located at 4500 M... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
