
 
 
 
 Data Analyst - Arlington, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Analyst Deloitte 10,102 reviews Arlington, VA Deloitte 10,102 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Are you ready for an exciting opportunity that offers professional growth? Do you want to utilize cutting edge approaches and technology to identify and mitigate emerging threats within our client environments, all while helping support important missions? Are you a problem solver and an innovator with a passion for investigating illicit acts by US adversaries in order to protect our national interests? Deloitte's Investigations & Intelligence (I&I) team could be the place for you! We help clients gather and understand vast amounts of information; analyze it through deep understanding of their regulatory, administrative, criminal or executive authorities; and produce tailored insights that inform enforcement or other legal actions. Join our team and begin tackling these critical issues in a collaborative team environment. 
Work you'll do 
 Develop, test, and deploy new data science models according to client needs 
Develop analytical models and dashboards
 Visualize the results of data analysis and reporting to be of optimal value and coherence to client stakeholders using R Shiny and Qlik
 Develop and test new methodologies and algorithms which would increase the efficiency and accuracy of existing models, including pilot deployments of deep learning and artificial intelligence algorithms focused around multi-objective optimization and decision-making systems 
Develop new methods and tools to answer analytic needs, and to propose innovative solutions to predicted issues to assist with strategic thinking and enterprise business process evaluation 
Analyze the impact of the effects of a regulation, policy, program, etc. and the effects of changes in budget, staffing or policy/priority changes on resources, performance, or schedule 
The team
 Deloitte's Government and Public Services (GPS) practice - our people, ideas, technology and outcomes-is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of over 15,000+ professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise.
 The I&I team supports our GPS clients by delivering capabilities across the investigative lifecycle in the regulatory, civilian, law enforcement, health, and national security domains. Our professionals help our clients to identify, combat, and mitigate national security threats such as fraud, money laundering, sanctions violations, cybercrime, threats of terrorism, human trafficking, narcotics trafficking, litigations, and disputes. 
Qualifications 
 Required: 
 
 Bachelor's degree required
 Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future
 Must be able to obtain and maintain the required Public Trust clearance for this role
 Experience with predictive modeling 
Demonstrated ability to conduct forecasting, machine learning, deep learning, multi-classification, risk analysis and ETL for data pre-processing 
Preferred:
 
 Working knowledge of OBIEE, Qlik, R, Python, SQL, SQLite, R Shiny and Excel Deloitte 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Analyst jobs in Arlington, VA Jobs at Deloitte in Arlington, VA Data Analyst salaries in Arlington, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Deloitte Deloitte 10,102 reviews We’re a leading professional services firm, but what makes working at Deloitte unique? When you join us, you become connected. To inspiri... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
