
 
 
 
 Machine Shop Assistant - Hollister - Hollister, CA 95023 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Shop Assistant - Hollister NANOTRONICS IMAGING INC 2 reviews Hollister, CA 95023 NANOTRONICS IMAGING INC 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Description:
 
The Machine Shop Assistant is a smart and passionate team member who will work on the world's most technologically advanced inspection and factory control solutions. Nanotronics is making manufacturing fast, accurate and cost-efficient by combining optical and atomic force microscopy with machine learning and artificial intelligence. The solutions we build push the envelope of what can be done, so we need team members who are highly intelligent and hardworking. 
The Machine Shop Assistant is responsible for keeping the machine shop running efficiently, supporting machining jobs and machinists, keeping the shop organized and maintaining quality and safety standards. The ideal candidate will work well with in fast-paced, ever-evolving environment. 
This position is not eligible for H-1B sponsorship. 
. Requirements:
 
Key Responsibilities 
Cutting 80/20 material on chop saw 
Keep machine shop running efficiently by 1) preparing stock (cutting to length on chop saw and deburring), 2) post processing machined components (sanding, media blasting, tumbling), and 3) performing daily, weekly, and monthly maintenance (maintaining chip and coolant levels) 
Monitor machine operation and operate jobs that have been setup by senior machinists 
Clean and organize machine shop space 
Perform additional related duties as assigned 
Maintain quality and safety standards 
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities 
Ability to use basic inspection tools like digital calipers 
Ability to read and understand mechanical drawings 
Able to lift materials not exceeding 75lbs 
Education and Experience 
Minimum 2 years of work-related experience including other trades 
Experience in maintenance or mechanics 
Experience with Haas machines is a plus 
What is a Nanotron? 
Nanotronics is a science technology company that has redefined factory control through the invention of a platform that combines AI, automation and sophisticated imagining to assist human ingenuity in detecting flaws and anomalies in manufacturing, an industry that has been stagnant since the 1950’s. Deployed across eight countries and industry agnostic, we work with leading-edge companies - from aerospace, to electronics, to healthcare - to drive up yield, reduce footprint and waste, lower costs, and speed up design iteration. 
We are an intellectually curious group of motivated and passionate innovators, bringing together the brightest minds in physics, optics, robotics, artificial intelligence, and software engineering as we work to lay the foundation for the 4th Industrial Revolution. 
Armed with visionary leadership and strong financial backing, we foster an environment of both entrepreneurship and accountability. Our mission drives our purpose in striving toward excellence. 
YOU’LL MAKE A GREAT NANOTRON IF 
You are passionate about science & engineering 
You are looking for a challenge 
You are nice and collaborate well with others 
You want to help build the factory of the future 
WHAT WE OFFER 
Casual work environment 
Direct exposure to C-level management 
Interesting and challenging projects that truly make an impact at the company 
Nanotronics is an equal opportunity employer. Nanotronics Imaging Inc 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Shop Assistant jobs in Hollister, CA Jobs at NANOTRONICS IMAGING in Hollister, CA Shop Assistant salaries in Hollister, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NANOTRONICS IMAGING INC 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
