
 
 
 
 Manufacturing Engineer - Westborough, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manufacturing Engineer Amazon.com Services LLC 70,361 reviews Westborough, MA Amazon.com Services LLC 70,361 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 BSME/EE or equivalent required. 
 1+ years of relevant work experience. 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
 Familiarity with industry standard tools for problem solving and risk management. 
 
Are you inspired by invention? Is problem solving through teamwork in your DNA? We apply advances in robotics and software to solve real-world problems that delight our customers' experiences in ways we can't even imagine yet.
 Amazon Robotics is located in the greater Boston area, the epicenter of robotics innovation. Our diverse team of engineers come from all over the world to design, test and build our dynamic fleet of robots and mechatronic systems. Having our offices, labs, test floors and factories all co-located means that we can design the hardware, write the code, test, build and watch it all come to life. This allows us to innovate quickly and on limitless ideas. Current advancements are underway in autonomous movement and mobility, artificial intelligence and machine learning, manipulation, simulation, robotic management software, predictive analytics, and much more.
 We are seeking a talented and motivated Manufacturing Engineer with a proven track record of implementing best in class processes within a complex manufacturing environment. This role will report to the Manager of Advanced Manufacturing, and is an integral member of the Technical Operations team. You will be responsible for applying design for X principles to transition a wide range of products from design to production. You will work cross-functionally to develop suppliers, manage product lifecycle changes, lead product quality improvement projects, and drive to technical root cause in supplier quality activities. The successful candidate will have experience in design or manufacturing and is capable of making wide-ranging business decisions on behalf of the organization.
 
 Job Responsibilities: 
 
 Actively support and foster a culture of inclusion. 
 Provide design for X guidance/feedback on electromechanical designs. 
 Guide best practices on manufacturing tolerances using GD&T. 
 Launch tooling with accelerated schedules and assess project risk. 
 Review external production processes, identify risk and mitigate. 
 Qualify production processes based on dimensional data, control plans, PFMEAs. 
 Drive internal and external FMEA reviews. 
 Solve technical problems across a broad set of manufacturing commodities. 
 Manage supplier quality problems when necessary; drive containment and root cause activities. 
 Mentor team members, design engineers. 
 Propose design changes that will enhance product manufacturability and testability. 
 Evaluate and approve product electrical Engineering Changes Orders (ECOs). 
 Evaluate production, supplier and field failures for root cause analysis and resolution. 
 Up to 25% travel required. (limited during the COVID-19 pandemic). 
 Engineering or Business Master’s degree. 
 Uses a strong analytical approach to problem-solving. 
 Self-motivated and able to solve problems independently and in team settings. 
 Willing to “roll up sleeves and do what needs to get done” to consistently deliver results. 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Manufacturing Engineer jobs in Westborough, MA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Westborough, MA Manufacturing Engineer salaries in Westborough, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,361 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
