
 
 
 
 Property Claims Experience Advocate, Water - Dallas, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Property Claims Experience Advocate, Water Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Dallas, TX Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Dallas, Texas | Claims Experience | Full-time 
 
If you’re a highly specialized claims adjuster looking for something different, you’re going to love this opportunity. This role requires experience in property claims—with specific exposure to water events, water losses, etc.—plus a ton of positive energy and a genuine passion for helping others. 
 
As a Claims Experience Advocate, you’ll help us settle property losses quickly and efficiently, defying customer expectations along the way. We're looking for inspired, driven individuals, who are ready to disrupt the traditional insurance industry.
 Requirements 
Minimum of 2+ years of property claim-handling experience (home, renters, condo) 
Prior experience in estimating dwelling damage 
Experience working with large national property service vendors like Serv-Pro or Crawford and Co, etc.) 
Desire to work in a unique, dynamic, and fast-paced startup environment 
Empathy, patience, and a positive approach 
A passion for outstanding customer experience 
Comfortable with and adaptable to new technology and business tools 
Licensed as a Property Adjuster in NY, CA, FL, or other state is an advantage 
Xactware experience is a plus 
About Lemonade 
Lemonade is a licensed insurance carrier offering renters, homeowners, life, and pet insurance in the United States, contents and liability insurance in Germany and the Netherlands, and renters insurance in France. We’re powered by artificial intelligence and behavioral economics, and driven by social good. 
A Certified B-Corp, Lemonade donates unused premiums to nonprofits selected by its community as part of our annual Giveback program. We incorporate our values into everything we do—from our business model to our office culture. Lemonade Insurance Company 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Lemonade Insurance Company in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
