
 
 
 
 Assistant or Associate Rank Professor - Industrial Engineering - Clemson, SC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Assistant or Associate Rank Professor - Industrial Engineering Clemson University Clemson, SC Job details Job Type Tenure track Full Job Description MULTIPLE FACULTY POSITIONS
 
Department of Industrial Engineering
 
Clemson University 
 
 The Department of Industrial Engineering invites applications for multiple tenure-track faculty positions at the rank of Assistant or Associate Professor starting in August 2021. Clemson University is growing our expertise in the broad areas of Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Big Data Science, and Health and Bioengineering. 
 
 We are seeking candidates in all areas of operations research and human factors engineering with an ability to create and use analytical and data-driven methods to address a wide array of problems arising in healthcare, energy, supply chain, manufacturing, climate modeling, transportation, genetics, social good, and other emerging fields. Candidates must have a strong methodological background and an interest in advancing cutting-edge, interdisciplinary research. Our primary search criterion is the potential to be an excellent faculty member which includes both research and teaching. 
 
 The Department of Industrial Engineering currently has 21 full-time faculty members with anticipated growth to 25 faculty members within the next few years. We have a student population of over 550 undergraduate students, 100 M.S. students, and 35 Ph.D. students. Furthermore, our online Master of Engineering (MEng) program has over 80 enrolled students. Additional information about the Department can be found at http://ie.clemson.edu. 
 
 
 
Clemson University is South Carolina’s public land-grant University. As a Carnegie R1 Institution, the University has excellent research resources, including the Palmetto Cluster – a top 500 global high-performance computing cluster. The College of Engineering, Computing and Applied Sciences encourages impactful interdisciplinary work, and this culture of collaboration includes joint appointments in other departments and schools on campus, as well as extensive work with several industry partners. The University, College, and Department are committed to building a diverse and inclusive community of scholars dedicated to working and teaching in a multicultural environment. In addition, Clemson University recognizes that many prospective candidates for faculty positions have dual career needs. The Dual Career Program in the Office of the Provost provides support when considering employment opportunities with the university and in the surrounding community. 
 Successful candidates must possess a Ph.D. in industrial engineering, operations research, human factors engineering, or a related field at the time of appointment. Competitive candidates will demonstrate the ability to develop an independent, rigorous, externally funded research program, a commitment to undergraduate and graduate teaching excellence and a commitment to diversity and inclusion. 
 Applicants should submit the following items via Interfolio at ( http://apply.interfolio.com/84207 ):
 (1) Cover Letter
 (2) Curriculum Vitae
 (3) Statement of Research Interests and Future Plans
 (4) Statement of Teaching Interests and Experience
 (5) Statement on Diversity and Inclusion
 (6) Up to Three (3) Representative Publications (Merged in a Single PDF File)
 (7) List of Three (3) Professional References (Include Names, Email Addresses, and Phone Numbers) 
 Review of applications will begin on March 5, 2021 and continue until the position is filled. 
 Inquiries should be directed to the search committee chair, Dr. David Neyens at dneyens@clemson.edu. Clemson University 30+ days ago original job Report job Associate Professor jobs in Clemson, SC Jobs at Clemson University in Clemson, SC Associate Professor salaries in Clemson, SC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
