
 
 
 
 Psychiatrist - Telehealth - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Psychiatrist - Telehealth Brightside Health 4 reviews Remote Remote Brightside Health 4 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Depression Care Telehealth Psychiatrist, Board-Certified (Remote) 
The majority of people with depression aren’t getting the care they need. Fewer than half seek care and a small fraction of those who do seek care receive treatment in line with best practices. 
Brightside (www.brightside.com) is a better approach to depression care, combining a consumer experience with evidence-based approaches, artificial intelligence, and a team of experienced doctors to deliver personalized treatment, right from your phone. We’re redefining depression care for the telemedicine age and are on a mission to be the largest and best provider of depression care in the US. 
Our Psychiatrists are using innovative, evidence-based approaches to expand access and improve outcomes, including: 
Telemedicine: Direct-to-consumer access via telemedicine, including asynchronous case review, video consultation, and e-prescribing lowers the barriers to accessing high-quality and affordable care. 
Measurement-Based Care (MBC): In line with best practice, we measure symptoms, adherence, and side effects weekly through the active treatment phase and automatically trigger treatment reviews if patients are not improving. We are redefining the physician: patient relationship, replacing encounter-based care with remote and proactive oversight enabled by technology. 
Machine learning-powered Clinical Decision Support: Contrary to conventional practice, data can help match patients to medications for better outcomes. Using machine learning and real-time data from patient monitoring, we are building a highly effective clinical decision support for antidepressant prescribing. 
We’re seeking-forward thinking Psychiatrists who understand the magnitude of the need and want to be part of the solution. Working with Brightside means the ability to practice with clinical autonomy and receive competitive compensation while working flexible hours from anywhere. You’ll use the latest tools, including custom-built practice management, EMR, and clinical decision support, all truly designed to be easy to use. 
Requirements: 
Be a licensed Psychiatrist in good standing with your state medical board (multiple active and unrestricted state licenses a plus!) 
Be board-certified 
Maintain all appropriate licensure to prescribe and dispense medications under applicable state and federal laws 
Have excellent grammar, attention to detail, and be efficient at writing medical information at a patient level 
Technology savvy and excited about how technology can improve medical care 
Be pleasant, responsive, and willing to collaborate with our team responsibilities 
Provide direct patient care via telemedicine (remote) 
Evaluate patient records, make prescribing decisions, and provide medication-related counseling as needed in a timely manner 
Be patient-centered in your care 
Support a 72-hour response window to patients 
Strictly follow security and HIPAA regulations to protect our patients; medical information 
Brightside offers the opportunity to shape the future of depression care and have a major impact in a high-need area. 
Brightside is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that diversity improves our working environment and our ability to offer a high-value service to our customers. 
This is a 100% remote, work from home position. 
We know that diversity makes for the best problem-solving and creative thinking, and are committed to equity and inclusion. We are dedicated to adding new perspectives to the team and encourage everyone to apply if your experience is close to what we are looking for. We’re an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
 ocWRKqlsOI Brightside Health 18 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Psychiatrist jobs in Remote Jobs at Brightside Health in Remote Psychiatrist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Brightside Health Brightside Health 4 reviews Brightside (www.brightside.com) is a better approach to depression and anxiety care, combining empirically-supported cognitive-behavioral... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
