
 
 
 
 Experienced Full Stack Software Engineer - Colorado Springs, CO 80916 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Experienced Full Stack Software Engineer Cornerstone Defense 7 reviews Colorado Springs, CO 80916 Cornerstone Defense 7 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Position Overview: 
 The Full Stack Software Engineer will perform as part of a high-performing team and have the opportunity to contribute to the development and delivery of innovative technology in an agile environment. As a member of the Software Engineering team, you will be responsible for the full software development lifecycle, from design and development, through to maintenance and support of the customer’s BMC3 system. This opportunity offers a collaborative mentoring environment where you have the opportunity to learn from others and be a mentor others. 
 Position Responsibilities: 
 Lead a team of Human Machine Interface (HMI) software developers using agile methodologies with limited supervision. 
 
 Serve as a subject matter expert for software domains, system-specific issues, processes and procedures. 
 
 Be proficient in both front and back end coding using HTML, CSS, AngularJS/React, Node.js, ActiveMQ, and the Atlassian Software Suite. 
 
 Execute software design, development, debugging, and performing software integration and test of various technologies. 
 
 Develop, document and maintain architectures, requirements, algorithms, interfaces and designs for software systems. 
 
 Develop and maintain code and integrates software components into a functional software system. 
 
 Develop software verification plans, test procedures and test environments, executing the test procedures and documenting test results to ensure software system requirements are met. 
 
 Develop, select, tailor and deploy software processes, tools and metrics. 
 
 Execute and document software research and development projects. 
 
 Track and evaluate software team performance to ensure product and process conformance to project plans and industry standards. 
 
 Perform spacecraft modeling and optimization algorithm design and implementation. 
 
 Work Authorization: 
 This position requires an active Top Secret / Sensitive Compartmented Information (TS/SCI) Security Clearance. 
 Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): 
 Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering or related degree, with 5 years of professional experience; or 3 years of experience required with a related Masters or PhD. 
 
 Experience working in an agile software development environment. 
 
 Experience working with modeling and optimization algorithm design and implementation. 
 
 Experience working in an agile software development environment utilizing Atlassian Suite (Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, etc.) or similar tools. 
 
 Experience working with HTML, CSS, AngularJS/React, Node.js, ActiveMQ or similar coding languages. 
 
 Experience working in integrated development environments. 
 
 Experience working with software design, development, debugging, and performing software integration and test. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): 
 Active Top Secret/Sensitive Compartmented Information (TS/SCI) security clearance. 
 
 Agile Certifications (SAFe, CSM, etc.). 
 
 Experience working in Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) pipeline. 
 
 Experience working in a DevOps or DevSecOps environment. 
 
 Experience with spacecraft modeling and optimization algorithm design and implementation. 
 
 Experience with data analytics, artificial intelligence and/or machine learning. 
 
 Typical Education/Experience: 
 Typically acquired through advanced technical education from an accredited course of study in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry (e.g. Bachelor) and typically 5 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of technical education and experience (e.g. PhD, Master+3 years' related work experience). In the USA, ABET accreditation is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. 
 Equal Opportunity Employment 
Cornerstone Defense is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to creating an inclusive working environment for all employees and to upholding diversity in our recruiting and hiring processes. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, age, religion, national origin, physical or mental disability, protected Veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Cornerstone Defense 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Full Stack Developer jobs in Colorado Springs, CO Jobs at Cornerstone Defense in Colorado Springs, CO Full Stack Developer salaries in Colorado Springs, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cornerstone Defense Cornerstone Defense 7 reviews Cornerstone Defense LLC is a Small Business servicing the Intelligence, Defense, and Space communities of the U.S. Government. Our high-e... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
