
 
 
 
 Business Intelligence Engineer - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Intelligence Engineer Labelbox United States Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About Labelbox 
Labelbox’s mission is to build the best products for humans to advance artificial intelligence. Real breakthroughs in AI are reliant on the quality of the training data. Our training data platform enables organizations to improve their machine learning models far quicker and more accurately. We are determined to build software that is more open, easier-to-use, and singularly focused on getting our customers to performant ML faster. 
Current Labelbox customers are transforming industries within insurance, retail, manufacturing/robotics, healthcare, and beyond. Our platform is used by Fortune 500 enterprises including Allstate, John Deere, Bayer, Warner Brothers and leading AI-focused companies including FLIR Systems and Caption Health. We are backed by leading investors including Andreessen Horowitz, B Capital, Gradient Ventures (Google's AI-focused fund), and Kleiner Perkins. 
About the Team 
The BI team at Labelbox is working on becoming a large part of the decision making for the company. We believe that our data will set us apart and help us succeed as a data driven company. Members of the BI team are working on understanding and making sense of data while partnering with product and business teams on helping drive direction with data. We like to partner with each other and with stakeholders across the company to get our work done, and we like to constantly think about how we can improve. We also like to come up with new ideas based on data. 
About the Role 
As a member of this team, you will be responsible for creating clean, scalable and easy to consume data models and data pipelines. You will build ETLs that will allow the rest of the company answer questions they need in a self-service manner, and allow analysts and data scientists to quickly analyze and prototype new ideas. You will partner with the rest of the team on prototyping those new ideas and build scalable product. 
The Impact You’ll Have 
By building scalable self-service solutions you will enable easier and faster decision making. In addition, you will be able to increase productivity and accuracy of our BI team, and operations and product teams as well 
 The Problems You’ll Solve 
Build resilient data pipelines based on internal and external data sources 
Architect clean and scalable data models to support evolving business requirements 
Design scalable ETLs for consistent metric definitions 
Build or evaluate tooling for data accuracy detection and alerting 
Partner with the rest of the team on prototyping and building scalable products driven by the BI team 
Partner with teams throughout Labelbox on identifying opportunities and building solutions to help in simplifying operations while producing rich and accurate data sets for us to use 
Constantly identify opportunities for providing self-service tooling to our internal team 
 About You 
5+ years experience working in business intelligence, analytics, data engineering, or a similar role 
An ability to code complex SQL queries. Python a plus 
Knowledge of relational databases (BigQuery, Redshift, MySQL) and big data structures 
Experience using and building solutions to support multiple reporting and data user tools (Chartio, Tableau, Looker) 
Advanced data visualization and SQL skills 
 Do great work. From anywhere. 
We hire great people regardless of where they live. Work wherever you’d like as reliable internet access is our only requirement. We communicate asynchronously, work autonomously, and take ownership of our work. Labelbox 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Developer jobs in United States Jobs at Labelbox in United States Business Intelligence Developer salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Labelbox Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
