
 
 
 
 Computer Scientist - Mid - Washington, DC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Computer Scientist - Mid Preting, LLC Washington, DC Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Description 
 Job Title:  Mid Computer Scientist 
 
Location:  National Capital Region (NCR) 
 
Security Clearance Required:  Top Secret (TS) with SCI and CI Poly (or willing to obtain a CI Poly) 
 
 
Job Description 
 
Preting is seeking exceptionally qualified individuals to serve as Computer Scientists at the Mid level to support the Defense Resources Infrastructure (DRI) Office. The Mid Computer Scientist uses mathematics, statics, information science, artificial intelligence, machine learning, network science, probability modeling, data mining, data engineering, data warehousing, data compression, data protection, and / or other scientific techniques to correlate complex, technical findings into graphical, written, visual and verbal narrative products on trends of existing intelligence data to leverage other IC data sources. 
 
Job Responsibilities 
 
 Develops and utilizes machine learning and data mining algorithms, including, but not limited to, Multiple Information Model Synthesis Architecture (MIMOSA) prediction algorithms based on open-source capabilities. 
 Integrates or codes algorithms to support Government intelligence search and discovery missions. 
 Makes best-practice recommendations on managing data within hardware, software, storage, and bandwidth constraints. 
 Implements data science techniques to support predictive analysis, social media and crowd-source data analytics, wargaming and strategy development. 
 Employs exploratory analysis and rapid iteration techniques of large volumes of data to quickly derive intelligence. 
 Prepares products to describe and document findings and activities. 
 Communicate understanding from information that may be incomplete, indirect, highly complex, seemingly unrelated, and / or technically advanced. 
 Structure analysis based on trends in reporting and a range of analytic perspectives from other analysts, organizations, and intelligence disciplines. 
 Collaborate and work with other IC members on Information Sharing, driving collection, and addressing analytic disputes and conflict resolution. 
 Ability to develop concise, insightful. and comprehensive products for defense intelligence. 
 Lead teams in researching multifaceted or critical problems. 
 Provides guidance in selecting, designing, and applying analytic methodologies. 
 Uses argument evaluation and validated analytic methodologies to challenge differing perspectives. 
 Use logic to evaluate and synthesize multiple sources of information. 
 Interpret analysis for its meaning, importance, and implications. 
 Defend analytic judgements with sound, logical conclusions and adapt analytic judgments when presented with new information, evolving conditions, or unexpected developments. 
 Produce timely, logical, and concise analytic reports, documents, assessments, studies, and briefing materials in formats including Microsoft Office tools (e.g. Excel, Word, PowerPoint, etc.), electronic/soft copy matrices and/or web-enabled formats. 
 Communicate complex issues clearly in a concise and organized manner both verbally and non-verbally, with strong grammar skills. 
 Develop structured research including, but not limited to, obtaining, evaluating, organizing, and maintaining information within security and data protocols. 
 Recognize nuances and resolve contradictions and inconsistencies in information. 
 Evaluate collected intelligence reporting, engaging with collection managers, and developing collection requirements. 
 
 Required Qualifications 
 
 Active Top Secret (TS) with SCI security clearance and CI Poly (or willing to obtain a CI Poly). 
 Must have a Bachelor’s Degree in a related field of study with at least eight (8) years of relevant experience (with at least a portion of that experience within the last two (2) years). 
 Knowledgeable of and demonstrates ability to apply Intelligence Community (IC) and DoD classification guidelines and procedures. 
 Must have working knowledge using complex analytic methodologies, such as structured analytic techniques or alternative approaches, to examine biases, assumptions, and theories to eliminate uncertainty, strengthen analytic arguments, and mitigate surprise. Structured analytic techniques include, but not limited to, Analysis of Competing Hypotheses, Devil's Advocacy, High-Impact/ Low-Impact Analysis, Red Team Analysis and Alternative Futures Analysis. 
 Have understanding of intelligence collection capabilities and limitations, to include but not limited to, technical sensors/ platforms and human intelligence sources related to the labor category. 
 Proficiency using Microsoft Office tools. 
 Demonstrates ability to work semi-independently with oversight and direction. 
 The physical demands described below are representative of those that may need to be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position:
 While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or listen. 
 The employee is frequently required to walk; use hand to handle or feel and reach with hands and arms. 
 The employee is occasionally required to stand and may occasionally lift and/or move up to 30 pounds. 
 The employee must successfully complete all medical examinations required by the client, including for any temporary duty or full-time deployment as required. 
 Preting Consulting is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants are granted the same consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other federally protected class. Preting, LLC 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Computer Scientist jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at Preting in Washington, DC Computer Scientist salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Preting, LLC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
