
 
 
 
 VP, US Commercial Sales - Morristown, NJ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VP, US Commercial Sales BioXcel Therapeutics Morristown, NJ VP, US Commercial Sales Morristown, NJ (may also work from New Haven, CT) 
POSITION SUMMARY 
The VP, US Commercial Sales leader reports directly to the EVP and Chief Commercial Officer. This position will have direct management and leadership responsibilities for managing Divisional Managers (DMs) within their assigned Region, as well as the entire US Sales representative team. She/he will develop DMs’ leadership and coaching skills to empower his/her team to succeed with individual and group goals. The VP will also have indirect management and leadership responsibilities for up to 100 Sales Representatives working within the US. This position requires a high-level of communication and leadership to provide strategic planning and direction to the Sales Force. 
 
The VP will be accountable for the sales results, including defining specific action plans to capitalize on national market opportunities. They should model and foster a positive work environment and culture that encourages the investigation and evaluation of emerging ideas to enhance organizational performance. In addition, this individual should demonstrate a thorough understanding of all Company and competitive products (i.e., package inserts, costs, product features/benefits, side effects, clinical reprints/studies) to enhance the sales process and drive sales results. She/he should translate function and organizational strategies/goals into clearly communicated team and individual goals and expectations, ensuring all personnel comprehend goals, roles, responsibilities and how their day-to-day activities impact customers/company performance. The ideal candidate will bring an accountable culture, a visionary perspective, and a proven aptitude for teaching first level leaders. 
 
 Position will be filled at level commensurate with experience. 
 
QUALIFICATIONS 
 Minimum of a bachelor’s degree or higher, MBA preferred
 15+ years’ experience in the pharmaceutical sales leadership preferred 5+ years’ Hospital Sales or Managed Care experience preferred Experience in developing the strategy for global commercialization launch Experience in building and hiring Sales Forces In-depth knowledge of all phases of drug development and commercialization and project management principles applicable to the biopharmaceutical environment Advanced business analytical skills to identify trends, opportunities and threats and then determine actions to drive business and overcome challenges. Demonstrated clinical product knowledge Strong organization and multi-tasking skills to balance multiple priorities Skills to create and deliver formal and informal presentations Well-developed written and oral communication skills and dynamic leadership to interface with different departments throughout the organization Advanced interpersonal skills to work with direct reports in the delivery of coaching and performance feedback Ability to build rapport and relationships by interacting effectively with employees and external contacts at all levels, demonstrating the awareness of their needs and responding with the appropriate action Overnight travel is required Flexible work arrangements may be possible 
Your Path to Endless Opportunities 
If you’re looking to push the envelope and join an innovative company where technology meets drug discovery and development and you’re enthusiastic, creative, with a passion for cutting-edge research, you should join our team! We are looking for highly motivated, passionate employees to help us drive technology solutions for discovering breakthrough treatments for our portfolio of oncology and neuroscience programs, as well as for our partners across major therapeutic areas. 
About BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc . 
BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on drug development that utilizes artificial intelligence to identify improved therapies in neuroscience and immuno-oncology. BTI's drug re-innovation approach leverages existing approved drugs and/or clinically evaluated product candidates together with big data and proprietary machine learning algorithms to identify new therapeutic indices. BTI's two most advanced clinical development programs are BXCL501, an investigational sublingual thin film formulation in development for acute treatment of agitation resulting from neuropsychiatric disorders, and BXCL701, an investigational orally administered systemic innate immunity activator in development for treatment of a rare form of prostate cancer and for treatment of pancreatic cancer in combination with other immuno-oncology agents. For more information, please visit www.bioxceltherapeutics.com. BioXcel Therapeutics 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President of Sales jobs in Morristown, NJ Jobs at BioXcel Therapeutics in Morristown, NJ Vice President of Sales salaries in Morristown, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from BioXcel Therapeutics  

Your Path to Endless Opportunities

If you’re looking to push the envelope and join an innovative company where technology meets d... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
