
 
 
 
 Senior Network Engineer (US Remote) - Dallas, TX 75243 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Network Engineer (US Remote) Sitel 11,692 reviews Dallas, TX 75243 Remote Sitel 11,692 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Learn, Lead & Grow at Sitel Group® 
 
 We believe experiences are everything, and that happy associates are successful ones. That’s why we give our people the tools and the freedom to learn, grow, have fun and be themselves. 
 
 GROW AS YOU GO.  We invest in you, with internal programs, training and initiatives to develop your skills and help you reach your goals. We promote from within. We provide you with the tools, skills and resources to develop, both professionally and personally. You choose where you want to go; we help you get there. 
 BE BOLD, BE YOU.  #SitelLife represents our commitment to our people -to YOU. It's about coming exactly as you are. We empower everyone to live their truth, be themselves and use their voice -and we give them a platform to do so. 
 WORK TOGETHER TO MAKE AN IMPACT.  We strive to make the world a better place and empower others to do the same. We are mission-driven -and we leverage the power of our people to make a positive impact in the communities in which we live and work. 
 GAIN STABILITY, EXPAND POSSIBILITIES.  We celebrate successes and reward our people for the hard work they do every day. We offer benefits to keep you healthy and happy, such as paid time off and referral bonuses. Plus, fun perks like employee discounts. 
 MAXIMIZE YOUR EXPERIENCE.  We value open, honest and constructive conversation. We encourage you to speak up -and we listen when you do. Through MAX, our global community, we leverage our people's innovative ideas, experiences and feedback to shape and drive the future of Sitel Group. 
 
 About Sitel Group® 
 
 As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brands, from Fortune 500 companies to local startups, to design, build and deliver a competitive edge across all customer touchpoints. With our award-winning culture built on 35+ years of industry-leading experience and commitment to improving the employee experience, we improve business results by pairing innovative design thinking and digital solutions – including self-service, artificial intelligence (AI), automation, and data-driven analytics – with the expertise, emotion, and empathy of our people to  Create Connection. Value Conversation. 
 To learn more, visit www.sitel.com or join the conversation on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn. 
 
 In this role you will be in charge of designing, implementing and documenting new client solutions on a global scale and supporting technologies (VOIP, Security, Routing, Layer 3 Switching, Proxy, and Wireless). You will also implement technology upgrades on our global data centers as well as working closely with Network Operations and Architecture to implement and maintain network technology standards. 
 As a member of our IT team you will not only build your skillset, but also have exposure to numerous environments and challenges. While working with many major vendors, we deploy the latest technologies to our clients as well as our associates. With our innovation-led approach and entrepreneurial spirit, you’ll always remain on the forefront of technology. 
 
 Qualifications/Skills and Abilities: 
 Ability to manage small, mid-size and large projects, develop documentation, and testing processes, a must. 
 Ability to understand and support security (firewall, VPN, IDS, Proxy) application in a networking environment.
 Level 2 support for complex enterprise break/fix. 
 Ability to install, administer and troubleshoot layer 3 switching (Nexus, 6500, 4500), MPLS wide area technologies.
 Understanding and troubleshooting VPNs, Firewalls (Cisco ASA/Firepower, Checkpoint). 
 Experience with F5 LTM/GTM/ASM a plus. 
 Practical understanding and toubleshooting of VOIP. 
 Mentor engineers in technology and processes.
 Able to attend meetings with management and clients and contribute suggestions, develop enterprise infrastructure designs, and answers in a professional manner.
 Ability to work as part of a team on larger projects. 
 Good written and verbal communication skills. 
 
 Experience Target: 
 
 4 or more years related experience. 
 
 Education: 
 
 Four-year degree or equivalent combination of education and experience. 
 Special Certifications: 
 
 CCNA required. 
 CCNP or CCIE, a plus Sitel 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Network Engineer jobs in Dallas, TX Jobs at Sitel in Dallas, TX Senior Network Engineer salaries in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sitel Sitel 11,692 reviews As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brand... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
