
 
 
 
 Cardiac Technician (Remote) - Illinois - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Cardiac Technician (Remote) iRhythm Technologies 55 reviews Illinois Remote iRhythm Technologies 55 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company About iRhythm: 
iRhythm is a leading digital healthcare company focused on the way cardiac arrhythmias are clinically diagnosed by combining our wearable bio sensing technology with powerful cloud-based data analytics and Artificial Intelligence capabilities. Our goal is to be the leading provider of ambulatory ECG monitoring for patients at risk for arrhythmias. iRhythm's continuous ambulatory monitoring has already put over 2 million patients and their doctors on a shorter path to what they both need – answer.
 
 About this role: 
iRhythm is currently seeking an experienced Cardiac Technician. Our work environment is fast-paced, with a collaborative atmosphere. Most of all, we are passionate about delivering innovations that improve the quality of health care and the patient experience. We are looking for like-minded individuals to join our team today!
 
 Specific job responsibilities include: 
 
 Review patient's ECG data and related algorithm findings for clinical accuracy and completeness, utilizing iRhythm's Quality Analysis tools 
 Effectively communicate ECG abnormalities by notifying physicians as required according to physician notification protocol 
 Perform 100% of the quality assurance behind the final report delivered to the physician, and provide report format modifications and additions as requested 
 Maintain compliance with job specific proficiency requirements, including CCT certification (RN or Paramedic may qualify) 
 Continuously develop clinical knowledge, particularly ECG rhythm interpretation skills 
 Communicate with internal and external customers 
 
 About you: 
 
 A minimum of 2 years of experience as a telemetry/monitor technician, Holter scanner or other specialty requiring ECG interpretation 
 An Associates degree or two years college course work preferred 
 You're a Certified Cardiographic Technician (CCT) or able to be certified within 90 days of hire; other related certifications or licenses may qualify (i.e. RN or Paramedic) 
 Intermediate level PC proficiency 
 Excellent attention to detail 
 Positive attitude and team player 
 Ability to use critical thinking skills 
 Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions 
 Knowledge of medical terminology specific to Cardiology 
 Excellent interpersonal, organizational, and communication skills 
 Great work ethic and a desire to provide high quality outcomes (reports) to our clients and patients 
 
 What's in it for you: 
This is a full-time position with competitive compensation package, excellent benefits including medical, dental, and vision insurance (all of which start on your first day), paid holidays, and PTO!
 
iRhythm also provides additional benefits including 401K (with company match), an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, paid parental leave, pet insurance discount, Cultural Committee/Charity events, and so much more!
 
 FLSA Status:  Non - Exempt
 
As a part of our core values, we ensure a diverse and inclusive workforce. We welcome and celebrate people of all backgrounds, experiences, skills, and perspectives. iRhythm Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer (M/F/V/D). Pursuant to San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 
Make iRhythm your path forward.
 
#LI-MW1
 #LI-Remote iRhythm Technologies 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Ecg Technician jobs in Illinois Jobs at iRhythm Technologies in Illinois Ecg Technician salaries in Illinois Company Info Follow Get job updates from iRhythm Technologies iRhythm Technologies 55 reviews iRhythm is a digital healthcare company redefining the way cardiac arrhythmias are clinically diagnosed by combining our wearable biosens... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
