
 
 
 
 Buyer - Irvine, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Buyer ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Irvine, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Anduril is a defense technology company, bringing Silicon Valley talent and funding to the defense sector. Our technology helps our customers solve their toughest challenges by enabling them to make better, more informed decisions in life-and-death situations. We’ve assembled a diverse team of experts in artificial intelligence, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics, and data analysis that are creating software and hardware solutions to radically evolve the capabilities of the United States and our allies. If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact, come join Anduril and build the future of defense. 
Anduril Supply Chain is seeking a Buyer to join our team. The Supply Chain team works closely with engineering, finance, and manufacturing to ensure parts that compose our revolutionary products arrive with good quality, on time, and at a fair cost. 
 
 As Buyer, you will source production components and manage a Bill of Materials (BOM) for several teams. The right person for this role has purchasing experience in a manufacturing environment, is able to read blueprints/drawings, and is comfortable with ERP/PLM/MRP/MES systems. If you are someone who enjoys launching new products, influencing component selection, and owning a project from cradle-to-grave then this is the role for you. 
 What you'll do: 
Develop and implement sourcing strategy for direct commodities and/or categories.
 Issue purchase orders for production parts using a Bill of Materials (BOM).
 Mitigate supply risk, documenting and reporting supplier performance. 
Serve as internal product expert, providing sourcing recommendations for critical components. 
Support continuous improvement initiatives for cost savings, quality improvement, and on-time delivery.
 Maintain strong supplier relationships.
 Own the procurement process from cradle to grave. 
 Required Qualifications: 
3+ years technical procurement experience in a manufacturing environment. 
Excellent customer service skills.
 Experience working cross functionally.
 Strong analytical and organizational skills. 
Ability to read drawings and blueprints. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience sourcing electronic (PCB/PCBA) components 
Experience sourcing machined components 
 Anduril is an equal-opportunity employer, and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. If you are someone passionate to work on problems that matter, we’d love to hear from you! ANDURIL INDUSTRIES 10 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Buyer jobs in Irvine, CA Jobs at ANDURIL INDUSTRIES in Irvine, CA Buyer salaries in Irvine, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
