
 
 
 
 Application Consultant - SAP development L1 - Atlanta, GA 30328 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Application Consultant - SAP development L1 Capgemini 8,227 reviews Atlanta, GA 30328 Capgemini 8,227 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Candidate must have S4 HANA Data Migration management experience. 
Full life cycle experience of the data migration process, from strategy & planning ,through to execution & go-live. 
Segregation of master, reference & transactional data, assessment of data quality ,management of data validation process for migrated data ,identify data to be transitioned from legacy system to S/4 HANA 
Work with the functional /technical team to understand what data needs to be redacted. 
Requirements : 
Setup of new shipping point 
Setup of storage locations/toller/warehouse 
Shipping shipment creation, change, process, stage handling 
Shipment costing 
Transportation shipment types, stages, 
Handling unit 
Output in deliveries, shipments Print output, EDI output 
Output determination 
Inventory management 
Inbound -outbound process 
Internal process(Physical Inventory) 
Stock overview 
Stock transfer 
Knowledge about Purchasing documents 
Knowledge about Movement type 
stock determination 
Output determination 
Integration with Transportation Systems, Inventory Management, Customer Vendor Integration (CVI) 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Application Consultant jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Capgemini in Atlanta, GA Application Consultant salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,227 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
