
 
 
 
 Applied Scientist - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Applied Scientist Twitch Interactive, Inc. 70,361 reviews San Francisco, CA Twitch Interactive, Inc. 70,361 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Broad knowledge of fundamentals and the state-of-the art in relevant areas of Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence/Data Science 
 Knowledge of Software Development (data structures, algorithms, etc.). 
 Strong coding skills in at least one language 
 Strong problem solving skills 
 
Our Proactive Detection team is working on solutions to predict and prevent harm happening on our platform and make the users feel more safe. We are a mix of Applied Scientists and Machine Learning Engineers who work very closely together to product ML models, pipelines, reusable components and infrastructure pieces. For this role you would be working on the modeling side of things and your daily tasks will be doing one more or more of the following:
 
 
 Doing exploratory data analysis to understand sources of harm for a particular area 
 Training an ML model and prototyping the solutions 
 Writing a pipeline and deployment code for the model to ensure regular re-training, data quality, model quality 
 Help engineers with deployment on endpoints which call the model 
 Propose and analyze A/B experiments to validate the performance of your solutions 
 Work with product stakeholders to coordinate the process and define priorities for projects 
 
 The tools which you will use on day-to-day basis are:  SQL, Spark, Jupyter Notebooks, Python, ML libraries (Tensorfol, scikit-learn, XGBoost ...), AWS Sagemaker, AWS Step, CloudFormation, Go, Mode Analytics and others.
 
 
 MSc. in Computer Sciences, Mathematics, or Statistics with specialization in machine learning 
 
 Amazon.com 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Twitch Interactive in San Francisco, CA Scientist salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Twitch Interactive, Inc. Twitch Interactive, Inc. 70,361 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
