
 
 
 
 Senior Frontend Engineer, AI Infrastructure - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Frontend Engineer, AI Infrastructure NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA is hiring Senior Frontend Engineers to help develop its world-class AI Infrastructure. You will be collaborating with a diverse team of front and back-end engineers as well as product managers and designers and interacting with machine learning and deep learning specialists. You will focus on crafting applications for all aspects of the machine learning process such as data operations, smart data selection, labeling or AI systems debugging. You will need to have strong programming skills, a deep understanding of web technologies, and a passion for user experience. You will require excellent communication and planning skills. You should be self-motivated and able to work independently yet thrive in a multi-faceted, multi-functional, multi-task work environment. Together, we will build the Software 2.0 cloud platform for one of the most ambitious problems of our time: autonomous vehicles. Then we will expand it to other applications such as medical imaging, data science, genomics and more.
 What you'll be doing:
 Tackle difficult, and ambitious problems by crafting sophisticated web applications
 Deliver rapid iterations of software based on user feedback and metrics
 Collaborate with your peers to craft, develop, test, and maintain integrated applications and features
 Build enjoyable interfaces that work consistently across platforms
 Actively contribute to the adoption of frameworks, standards, and new technologies
 What we need to see:
 BS or MS in Computer Science (or equivalent experience)
 12+ years of relevant work experience.
 A problem solver, with a track record of building highly-scalable interactive web applications.
 Ability to work successfully with multi-functional teams, principals and architects, across organizational boundaries and geographies.
 Passion for building rich, customer-focused applications.
 Proven experience upgrading sophisticated enterprise-scale web applications.
 Expertise with modern frameworks such as Angular and React.
 Expertise with HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript/Typescript.
 Experience with delivering software using agile development practices and tools.
 With highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package, NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology industry's most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working with us and our engineering teams are growing fast in some of the hottest state of the art fields: Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and Autonomous Vehicles. If you're a creative engineer with a real passion for robust and enjoyable user experiences, we want to hear from you.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 #deeplearning NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Infrastructure Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Infrastructure Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
