
 
 
 
 Medicinal Chemist - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Medicinal Chemist Atomwise San Francisco, CA Atomwise is a leading artificial intelligence (AI) drug discovery company in San Francisco, CA. We develop and use patented AI technology to help companies and universities discover and develop small molecules that will improve human health and agricultural productivity. We are looking for a medicinal chemist to join our production team. The production team is in charge of identifying customer needs, implementing the most suitable solution, executing projects using Atomwise technologies, and communicating results. 
 
Our customers are scientists; you should be, too. Results should be considered guilty until proven innocent: sanity checking, skepticism, problem-solving, analysis, and investigation are our constant companions. You should be comfortable discussing and reasoning about projects with the precision necessary to deliver what the customer needs, and possess enough clear articulable pragmatism to get things done even in the face of inevitable and unavoidable ambiguity. 
 
You will: 
 
 Interact with customers to understand their project requirements. 
 Propose drug targets and strategies to modulate the function of target proteins 
 Design small-molecule bioactive compounds, propose synthetic routes and manage external synthetic chemistry efforts 
 Manage internal chemistry databases 
 Provide progress updates to both internal and external stakeholders 
 Contribute to patent drafting 
 Communicate our results and capabilities through scientific publications 
 Help develop our modeling software. 
 
 Required 
 
 Ph.D. in organic chemistry or medicinal chemistry 
 Solid knowledge of modern synthetic organic chemistry 
 Minimum 2 years of industry experience in biotech or pharmaceutical setting 
 Proven track record in structure and property guided design including multi-parametric optimization of bioactivity and ADMET properties 
 Ability to manage multiple projects and priorities 
 Ability to work effectively as an individual and as a member of multi-disciplinary project teams 
 The right person for this role has a can-do attitude. No task is too small. 
 Compensation & benefits 
 Competitive salary, commensurate with experience 
 Stock compensation plan – you’ll be an Atomwise co-owner 
 Platinum health, dental, and vision benefits 
 401k with 4% match 
 Funding for professional development and conference attendance 
 Generous parental leave 
 Flexible work schedule 
 Great colleagues 
 
 Atomwise is an equal opportunity employer and strives to foster an inclusive workplace. Our mission is to develop better medicines faster, and we know that we need a diverse team to develop medicines that serve diverse populations. Accordingly, Atomwise does not make any employment decisions (including but not limited to, hiring, compensation, and promotions) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable federal, state, and local law. 
 
We strongly encourage people of diverse backgrounds and perspectives to apply. 
 
Atomwise  is not currently offering visa sponsorships for any position. Please only apply if eligible to work in the U.S. 
 
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Atomwise 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Chemist jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Atomwise in San Francisco, CA Chemist salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Atomwise Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
