
 
 
 
 Assistant, Associate, or Full Professor - Gainesville, FL 32611 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant, Associate, or Full Professor University of Florida 1,139 reviews Gainesville, FL 32611 University of Florida 1,139 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Tenure track Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION 
The Herbert Wertheim College of Engineering at the University of Florida (UF) invites applications for a full-time, nine-month tenure track faculty position at the rank of Assistant/Associate/Full Professor in the Department of Computer & Information Sciences & Engineering (CISE). The position focuses on research and teaching at the intersection of computer vision, natural language processing, and machine learning/AI. 
The University of Florida is the flagship campus of the State of Florida university system and is ranked as the #6 best public US university according to US News and World Report. UF recently announced a $70 million artificial intelligence partnership with NVIDIA to create an AI-centric data center that houses the world's fastest AI supercomputer in higher education. The Department of CISE in the HWCOE is a vibrant, multidisciplinary highly collaborative environment, consistently ranked among the top departments for both graduate and undergraduate programs. It offers BA, BS, MS, and PhD degrees in Computer Science and Computer Engineering, with an enrollment of 2,440 undergraduate students and 668 graduate students of which 148 are PhD students. The CISE department currently has 55 faculty. Collectively, the list of achievements and awards received by the faculty include one Fulbright Scholar; 19 NSF CAREER Award winners; eight IEEE Fellows; three ACM Fellows; three AAAS Fellows; one IEEE Computer Society Taylor L. Booth Education Award; one IEEE Computer Society W. Wallace-McDowell Award; and one ACM Karl Karlstrom Outstanding Educator Award. The Department's external research expenditures were over $8.8 million last year, an increase of over 60% over the past five years. Research is central to the success of the program; and new faculty will be expected to initiate and sustain strong sponsored research and graduate training programs. 
AI@UF 
JOB QUALIFICATIONS 
The successful candidate is expected to have a doctoral degree in computer and information science and engineering or a related field at the time of hiring. In addition, the candidate should have a record of successful proposal writing, mentoring, and classroom teaching of undergraduate and graduate students. 
INSTRUCTIONS 
The search committee will begin reviewing applications immediately, with the first full committee screening occurring on January 4, 2021, and will continue to receive applications until the position is filled. All applications must be submitted through Interfolio at: https://apply.interfolio.com/82206. (Please see Job Requisition #68252). Complete applications must include the following files in PDF format: (1) cover letter (summary and introduction related to hiring emphasis areas); (2) a personal statement (including identification of any synergies with UF CISE as well as UF investigators, centers & institutes); (3) a diversity statement (including experience in working with diverse and underrepresented groups in engineering); (4) a curriculum vitae (including a 1-page CV highlights); (5) a research program vision statement (with a focus on how any plans will support the department and college), (6) a teaching statement (including a personal philosophy and interests); (7) up to three representative journal articles (co-)authored by the applicant; and (8) the names, addresses, phone numbers, and email addresses of no less than three and up to five references. The final candidate will be required to provide an official transcript to the hiring department upon hire. The anticipated start for the position is Spring 2021 with some flexibility for a later start based on individual needs. 
Selected candidate will be required to provide an official transcript to the hiring department upon hire. A transcript will not be considered “official” if a designation of “Issued to Student” is visible. Degrees earned from an educational institution outside of the United States are required to be evaluated by a professional credentialing service provider approved by National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES). 
If an accommodation due to a disability is needed to apply for this position, please call  352-392-2477  or the Florida Relay System at 800-955-8771 (TDD). Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the US. Background searches are conducted in accordance with Florida's Sunshine Law. 
#category=69 
 
OPEN DATE 
Dec 18, 2020 
CLOSE DATE 
Open Until Filled 
LOCATION 
Gainesville, FL 
UNIT 
19140000 - EG-COMPUTER / INFO SCI & ENG University of Florida 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Gainesville, FL Jobs at University of Florida in Gainesville, FL Associate Professor salaries in Gainesville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Florida 1,139 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
