
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Scholar Research - Tampa, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Scholar Research University of South Florida 838 reviews Tampa, FL University of South Florida 838 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $47,659 a year Job Type Temporary Full Job Description Department Number/Name:  0-6382-000 / Pharmaceutical Sciences 
College/Division:  USF Health - Taneja College of Pharmacy 
Salary Plan:  Temporary 
Job Code/Title:  9180/ Postdoctoral Scholar 
Hiring Salary/Salary Range:  $47,659.00 annual/ Bonuses are possible. 
POSITION SUMMARY: 
The candidate will be involved in different research projects pertaining to Nanotherapeutics, Microbiology, and Cell Biology. 
DUTIES: 
 Teaching duties (__7_% FTE): Assists students in lab as needed. Prepares presentation slides relevant to some research topics. 
 Research duties (__80_% FTE):
 The candidate will be involved in research projects related to microbiology, nanotechnology (using metal oxides including Zinc and silver for therapeutic purposes) in addition to gene therapy areas and metagenomics detection in order to treat emerging disease in humans or plants and microbial control in microbiome, water surfaces, and food matrixes. 
 Prepares manuscripts and proposals. 
 Set plans for potential grants and collaborations. 
 Administrative duties (__12_% FTE): Help organize the budget, paperwork and necessary forms. Assist with the maintenance and count/organization, reagent inventory, and follow up with order supplies in addition to lab student calendars and important deadlines. Ensures biosafety in lab. Updates and keeps track of environmental safety procedures and documents. 
 Clinical duties (1% FTE): 
 Other duties (1% FTE): Assist with lab move and space organization if needed. 
POSITION QUALIFICATIONS: 
MINIMUM: 
 Doctoral degree from an accredited institution in  Nanotechnology or Microbiology and Cell Biology  and appropriate experience and training in  Microbiology/Molecular Biology  and drug delivery in pharmaceutics including nanotherapeutics. Must meet university criteria for appointment to the rank of Postdoctoral Fellow. 
PREFERRED: 
 Knowledge on bioinformatics and metagenomics are considered a plus. 
 Well-trained for publications and data interpretations. 
 Some artificial intelligence knowledge. University of South Florida 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Tampa, FL Jobs at University of South Florida in Tampa, FL Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Tampa, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of South Florida University of South Florida 838 reviews The University of South Florida, also known as USF, is a member institution of the State University System of Florida and a public resear... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
