
 
 
 
 Recruiter - Remote US - Columbus, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Recruiter - Remote US Seamless.AI 9 reviews Columbus, OH Remote Seamless.AI 9 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Opportunity 
The Recruiter is responsible for supporting and working alongside the Talent Acquisition Team by proactively sourcing talent, reviewing applications, building relationships and executing creative and innovative sourcing strategies. The successful candidate must have a strong understanding of the marketplace and possess the ability to review applications and pre-screen large quantities of candidates on availability, interest level, salary range, and qualifications. They will also partner with the Talent Acquisition Manager to generate ideas, leverage resources and share information to drive business success in a growing organization. 
 
 
Recruiter Responsibilities Include:
 Develop and execute innovative search techniques to generate abundant applicant pools. 
Must be able to cold call and build relationships by phone/email using job boards and social media sites to generate awareness and candidate flow; all while providing appropriate candidate follow up. 
Determine new/creative ways to introduce Seamless.AI to potential active and passive candidates. 
Participate in advancing candidates forward by conducting and scheduling candidate interviews. 
Act as a search expert for various functional areas by understanding hiring needs, position specifications and search requirements. 
Perform extensive Internet based research, cold calling and other sourcing techniques to introduce the best candidates and build future pipelines. 
Ensure all required documentation is completed for all candidates throughout the sourcing process. 
Manage and network with employee referrals. 
Participate and help plan company specific hiring events and attend job fairs as needed. 
Participate in ad-hoc projects, other duties, and future assignments as required. 
 Qualifications: 
1+ years of full-cycle recruiting experience including but not limited to sourcing for talent, conducting interviews, interview coordination, and completing the new hire on-boarding process.
 Internet navigation/Boolean search skills for sourcing purposes including Social Media experience (including LinkedIn, Facebook, etc.). 
Background working with a startup and/or fast growing company
 Experience working with an ATS system (Lever preferred) and a HRIS system.
 Willingness to recruit aggressively while adhering to ethical business practices. 
Experience managing and prioritizing multiple searches, projects and client relationships all while adhering to compliance guidelines. 
Team player with a high sense of urgency and motivation to see the team succeed. 
Eagerness to grow and learn in the HR and Talent Acquisition profession 
Strong (written and verbal) communication, organization and negotiating skills. 
Self-sufficient and able to work with little direct supervision. 
 
 
Seamless.AI has been delivering the world's best sales leads since 2015. Our product is the first real time, B2B search engine helping sales teams maximize revenue, increase sales, and easily acquire their total addressable market using artificial intelligence. We have been recognized as one of Ohio’s fastest growing companies and won 2020 Best Places to Work and LinkedIn’s Top 50 Tech Startups 2020. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Visa Sponsorship is not included in our hiring package. Applicants will need to be authorized to work in the U.S. Seamless.AI 22 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Recruiter jobs in Columbus, OH Jobs at Seamless.AI in Columbus, OH Recruiter salaries in Columbus, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Seamless.AI Seamless.AI 9 reviews Seamless.AI is an emerging tech startup that helps B2B companies research, prospect, connect and close new deals - faster and easier than... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
