
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Engineer - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Artificial Intelligence Engineer BrighTex Bio-Photonics San Jose, CA Artificial Intelligence is the most exciting and fascinating job in current industry with its main form of Machine learning and Deep learning. Artificial intelligence engineers work on systems that not only gather information but also formulate decisions and act based on that information. 
Responsibilities 
Understanding of given job or algorithm - research or seek ways of doing it. 
Implementation of the job. 
Iterative testing and improvement of the job implementation to get state of art results. 
Communicate the status with team managers on a regular basis. 
Integrate the job implementation into the main system and get it live. 
Qualifications 
BE/B.Tech or MSC/M.Tech with an aggregate of 60%. 
Sound knowledge of computational mathematics and problem-solving. 
Good Digital image processing fundamentals. 
Basic level of C/C++ programming and must have good logical skills. 
Proficiency in C++ programming is a must for experienced job seekers. 
Machine/Deep learning knowledge is plus. BrighTex Bio-Photonics 30+ days ago original job Report job Business Intelligence Developer jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at BrighTex Bio-Photonics in San Jose, CA Business Intelligence Developer salaries in San Jose, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
