
 
 
 
 VP/Director, Artificial Intelligence Squad Leaders - Covington, KY 41015 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VP/Director, Artificial Intelligence Squad Leaders Fidelity Investments 3,948 reviews Covington, KY 41015 Fidelity Investments 3,948 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description: 
The Purpose of Your Role 
As a strategic problem solver and analytic product manager, you will develop a strategic perspective and plan for how Artificial Intelligence-driven innovation can transform a business subject area (e.g., operations, etc.) 
Note : This role could be hired at either a Director or VP. 
The Expertise We’re Looking For 
Master’s in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, Computational Statistics, Operations Research, Machine Learning or related technical fields. 
Validated experience in leading the application of artificial intelligence (AI) to deliver quantifiable business results; five to ten successfully launched artificial intelligence/ML projects. 
Strong verbal/written communication and presentation skills, including an ability to effectively connect with both business and technical teams. 
Excellent planning, project management, consulting, leadership, and talent management skills. 
Significant experience with Agile methodologies, to include leadership of Agile teams. 
Experience in projects involving large scale-multi dimensional databases, sophisticated business infrastructure, and multi-functional teams. 
Knowledge of most of the following quantitative fields: Machine Learning, Advanced Statistical Analysis & Modeling, Deep Learning, Causal Inference & Program Evaluation, Reinforcement Learning, Behavioral Economics, Design of Experiment, Text Mining & Natural Language Processing, Mathematical Programming, Multi-Objective Optimization, Decision Theory, Bayesian Statistics, and Network Science. 
Exploratory data analysis, data visualization, and statistical graphics. 
Experience in Big Data technologies such as Cloud Computing, GPU Computing, Hadoop, Spark, MapReduce or related Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) technologies 
Experience building and delivering sophisticated systems that leverage various machine learning algorithms or technologies that integrate well with other organization-wide systems and are able to scale optimally. 
Experience in operations, process improvement (LEAN, 6-sigma), and business model development a plus. 
10+ years of relevant employment experience. 
The Skills You Bring 
Collaborate with business partners, engineers and software developers, bring together requirements and deliver complete AI/ML solutions. 
Set and deliver a multi-year strategy for transforming operating models through the use of AI. 
Own the design, development, and launch of AI algorithms/solutions that improve operational efficiency and deliver business results. 
Lead and run local and remote teams (scientists and technologists with diverse skillsets). 
Closely follow research and open source developments/publications and apply them within Fidelity’s context. 
Understand, at a deep level, business and product strategies, goals and objectives; set the AI roadmap to drive business goals. 
The Value You Deliver 
We work closely with business partners, collect requirements and deliver high value AI/ML solutions that drive customer and business value. We are passionate about developing talent in a collaborative and upbeat environment. Those of us who love to work with data to provide business solutions see this as the pinnacle of opportunities that you cannot find anywhere else in the industry. 
How Your Work Impacts the Organization 
The Intelligent Automation subject area delivers an industry leading analytics platform that provides data-driven insights which enables businesses to achieve their objectives. The Artificial Intelligence squad is responsible for developing, deploying and leading a coordinated system of sophisticated mathematical models, data, and infrastructure to support analytic solutions that improve the customer experience, enable intelligent product solutions, and streamline operating routines. 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. 
Certifications: 
Company Overview 
 
At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. Find your Fidelity at fidelitycareers.com. 
Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. 
We believe that the most effective way to attract, develop and retain a diverse workforce is to build an enduring culture of inclusion and belonging. 
 
Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation, contact the HR Leave of Absence/Accommodation Team by sending an email to accommodations @fmr.com, or by calling  800-835-5099 , prompt 2, option 2. Fidelity Investments 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Squad Leader jobs in Covington, KY Jobs at Fidelity Investments in Covington, KY Squad Leader salaries in Covington, KY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments 3,948 reviews At Fidelity Investments, you'll discover challenges that excite you as you develop professionally and explore many career paths based on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
