
 
 
 
 Associate Project Manager (Remote) - Fort Myers, FL 33912 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Project Manager (Remote) CallMiner 9 reviews Fort Myers, FL 33912 Remote CallMiner 9 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Does Artificial Intelligence excite you? It excites us! CallMiner's award-winning software empowers organizations to extract intelligence from customer interactions, including calls, chat, and social platforms in order to provide our customers with actionable steps to improve all aspects of their business. With a cutting-edge product, we are proud to have been named a leader in the industry by Forrester. 
In order to meet our mission of being the best in our industry, we hire only the best people and challenge them every day. CallMiner team members are passionate about delivering innovative technology solutions and industry-leading customer success. Among other things, Joy is one of our core values and we strive to ensure our employees find happiness and satisfaction in their work every day. 
CallMiner is growing rapidly and expanding into new verticals and countries. To hear more about what it's like to work at CallMiner, watch our video at Careers.CallMiner.com 
Position Summary: 
CallMiner is looking for a Project Manager to join our Project Management Office (PMO). This is a hands-on project management role to support small, medium and large-scale project implementations. The person in this position will work closely with customers and internal departments to ensure successful deployments of solutions on time and within scope. The Project Manager supports the entire project lifecycle, including pre-sale solution design and definition, project implementation, system configuration, transition to Support and project closure. This is an exciting opportunity to provide hands-on project management and to support our global colleagues and customers in software implementations. 
Primary responsibilities include: 
Working closely with internal Sales and Customer Success team members, with existing customers, and with prospects to help design integration solutions. 
Engaging with customers and prospects in pre-sales efforts to scope solutions and to clearly document professional service requests based on product capabilities. 
Developing and delivering requirements documentation to internal and external project stakeholders. 
Managing multiple projects with a high number of customer interactions. 
Interpreting and transforming customer requirements into project plans. 
Tracking projects and tasks through an internal ticketing system while working closely with Implementation Engineers on task assignments. 
Monitoring and maintaining key project dates and financial values within the ticketing system. 
Accurately logging work and providing concise project status updates in alignment with PMO standards.
 Leveraging CallMiner's existing project process and corresponding templates to effectively communicate to internal and external project stakeholders. 
Providing meeting agendas, facilitating meetings and clearly communicating outcomes and action items.
 Setting and managing expectations with project stakeholders and escalating to CallMiner leadership when appropriate. 
Maintaining accountability to drive assigned projects to successful completion. 
Proactively managing changes in project scope, identifying risks and assisting in devising contingency plans. 
Leveraging product-based training to guide and educate customers on system configuration through the product's user interface. 
Completing internal solution certification and assisting in user acceptance testing. 
Collaborating with internal teams to improve processes and providing feedback to the Product team to share product ideas. 
Requirements: 
A degree in a technical or business discipline or equivalent work experience. 
Minimum of 2 years in a hands-on project management role with 1 year in a technical environment, preferably SaaS software implementation. 
Ability to work with minimum supervision to support internal stakeholders and external customers. Prior experience with external customers is strongly preferred. 
Excellent organizational skills and time management abilities. 
Excellent communication (verbal and written) skills.
 Experience interfacing with external customers at all levels and driving customer meetings. 
Experience as part of a cohesive team in which technical resources are shared across multiple projects. 
Ability to clearly and concisely put technical requirements and implementation details into a customer-facing document. 
Attention to detail in documenting effort estimates, technical requirements, and project dates. 
Demonstrated ability to multitask and to set priorities and to clarify priorities when uncertainty exists. 
Confidence to work under pressure, to communicate effectively with customers and to drive team members to committed dates. 
Ability to manage expectations and to professionally solve disputes or conflicts. 
Demonstrated ability to quickly learn new technology. 
Demonstrated ability in applying project management discipline and structure within an evolving organization. 
Familiarity with Microsoft Office applications (MS Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook). 
Preferred Skills: 
Relevant industry or product experience desired (interaction analytics, contact centers, enterprise SaaS software). 
Experience scoping integration solutions or professional services a plus. 
Project Management Certification a plus. 
Familiarity with project management software (such as Microsoft Project or Planview) is a plus. 
JIRA/Confluence experience is a plus. Callminer 12 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Associate Project Manager jobs in Fort Myers, FL Jobs at CallMiner in Fort Myers, FL Associate Project Manager salaries in Fort Myers, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from CallMiner 9 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
