
 
 
 
 Document Intelligence Senior Research Scientist (Full-Time) - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Document Intelligence Senior Research Scientist (Full-Time) Adobe 699 reviews San Jose, CA Adobe 699 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Our Company
 
 
Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.
 
 
We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours! 
 
 Our Company
 Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences. We’re passionate about empowering people to craft beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.
 We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to building exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours!
 The Opportunity
 Adobe has a world-class research that provides an ideal balance of academic discovery and industry impact: that's what drives our groundbreaking work at Adobe Research. Our research scientists, engineers, artists and designers shape experimental ideas into innovative technologies for Adobe Products.
 During the past 25 years, Adobe PDF has been a defacto digital format for sharing and distributing documents in reliable manners. Adobe Document Cloud is revolutionizing the way the world works with documents and is growing rapidly. As we enter in the new era of AI-powered digital businesses, we continue to strive to invent, design and productize the documents of the future and redefine the user experiences around the documents.
 What you'll Do
 As a senior research scientist in Document Intelligence Lab (DIL), you will provide technical leadership in research, architect and develop machine learning solutions at scale in the following areas:
 semantic document understanding cross modalities (e.g. image, language and structure) knowledge extraction from document collection next-generational experiences in content creation
 You will leverage Adobe’s unique data sources and customer relationships which include not only content (such as images, videos, texts, voicees), but also how the customers interacting with those contents (such as authoring, sharing, viewing, retrieving, and collaborating) in the context of diverse verticals (e.g. financial services, healthcare, government and etc.).
 What you need to succeed
 Demonstrate technical proficiency in state-of-art machine learning and deep learning methods that deal with multi-modality data (e.g. text, image, graph, etc.)
 Initiate, lead and execute research initiatives by collaborating with researchers and engineers in cross-disciplinary and cross-functional environments
 Keep abreast of the latest developments in the fields by continuous learning and proactively championing new ideas and new problem definitions
 Familiar with one or more state-of-art deep learning frameworks, such as Tensorflow, PyTorch, Keras, Caffe, Torch.
 Excellent communication, relationship skills and a strong team player.
 Required Qualifications
 PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or relevant majors with research specialization in artificial intelligence, machine learning, natural language processing and understanding, multi-modal document analysis.
 At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists. You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely.
 If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer.
 Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. Adobe 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Research Scientist jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Adobe in San Jose, CA Senior Research Scientist salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Adobe Adobe 699 reviews Adobe is the global leader in digital media and digital marketing solutions. Our creative, marketing and document solutions empower every... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
