
 
 
 
 EDI Sterling Integration Expert - Middletown, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search EDI Sterling Integration Expert Capgemini 8,227 reviews Middletown, NY Capgemini 8,227 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+ Months 
Responsibilities & Ownership 
This position is for a senior functional analyst with experience in enhancement/support work and has the following key responsibilities: 
Must have ability to work independently with minimal guidance. 
Demonstrated ability to learn quickly on the job. 
Willing and able to travel globally when requested or required. 
Delivering enhancements in subject area including interaction with client end-users, requirement gathering, Functional Specification (FDD) documentation, development, Unit Testing / Functional testing / and supporting User Acceptance Testing (UAT) 
Demonstrated initiative, good judgment, and ability to achieve results 
Strong verbal and written communications skills, with an ability to express complex technical concepts in business terms and in English. 
Strong analytical, problem-solving, and conceptual skills. Attention to detail. 
Ability to work well on cross-functional project teams and foster team commitment to tasks. Ability to influence key individuals inside and outside of own group 
Ability to follow corporate standards with respect to tools and processes 
Ability to adapt and rapidly apply changing technology to business needs 
Ability to handle multiple assignments 
Effective decision making 
Candidate should responsible to handle day to day EDI issues. Need to support US/ EMEA / Asia region in different shift 
To set up new EDI Customer / Vendor. 
Involve in development work as appropriate. 
Understanding of X.12/EDIFACT/VDA/XML transaction sets and EDI communication protocols 
Build knowledge base for EDI Support 
Preferred Skillset 
Candidate must have experience in handling various inbound/outbound standard/custom IDOC types, EDI SI mapping, ANSIX12 transactions, He / She should have hands on experience with process improvement documentation, project scope definition, blue printing (BPP) and functional requirements for EDI – projects 
Candidate should responsible to handle day to day EDI issues. Need to support US/ EMEA / Asia region in different shift 
Good knowledge in IDOC to EDI mapping and vice versa. 
Good Knowledge in setting up partner profile for new customer / vendor 
Good knowledge of EDI standard formats (X12, EDIFACT and VDA) 
Experience in EDI using Sterling Integrator – preferable 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Capgemini in Middletown, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,227 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
