
 
 
 
 Tax and Regulatory Coordinator (100% Remote) - Denver, CO 80237 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Tax and Regulatory Coordinator (100% Remote) Rimini Street, Inc. 47 reviews Denver, CO 80237 Remote Rimini Street, Inc. 47 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Description:
 
Rimini Street, Inc. (Nasdaq: RMNI) is a global provider of enterprise software products and services, the leading third-party support provider for Oracle and SAP software products and a Salesforce partner. The Company offers premium, ultra-responsive and integrated application management and support services that enable enterprise software licensees to save significant costs, free up resources for innovation and achieve better business outcomes. To date, more than 4,000 Fortune 500, Fortune Global 100, midmarket, public sector and other organizations from a broad range of industries have relied on Rimini Street as their trusted application enterprise software products and services provider. 
 The company is widely recognized by clients, leading industry analysts (including Gartner, Forrester, Constellation Research and Nucleus), and financial analysts as the leader in a large, fast growing market with tremendous upside and an extremely strong value proposition that resonates with CIOs and CFOs. 
We actively seek a  Global Tax and Regulatory Coordinator  to work for us remotely anywhere in the United States. 
We’re building something special at Rimini Street. A company where people care about each other and trust each other to do the right thing. A company where highly intelligent and talented people come together to do challenging and meaningful work that makes a real difference to our clients, ending each day with a sense of achievement and balance in their lives. 
Position Summary 
The Global Tax and Regulatory Coordinator is a client-facing role that is responsible for building and maintaining positive relationships with clients that are in scope for Tax and Regulatory support from Rimini Street. This role is part of the Global Product Delivery team. 
 As a Tax and Regulatory Coordinator, you will educate new customers on the Tax and Regulatory development and delivery process, help solve onboarding issues and remain involved with the clients and the rest of the Product Delivery team to ensure client satisfaction for Tax and Regulatory deliveries. 
Essential Duties & Responsibilities 
On-boarding 
Work in collaboration with the Global Client Onboarding Group serving as the liaison between the Global Product Delivery team and the client. 
During onboarding, the Tax and Regulatory Coordinator will serve as the primary point of contact and will be responsible for facilitating the resolution of any TLR related issues that may arise during onboarding. The Tax and Regulatory Coordinator will be responsible for introducing the client to the Rimini Street Tax and Regulatory regional team. The Tax and Regulatory Coordinator will be responsible for the successful conclusion of the client’s Tax and Regulatory onboarding experience. 
Maintain all Global Product Delivery systems with client information 
Assist during Pre-Sales – work with the stream manager and product owner to determine the best resources to support the client 
Post Onboarding the Tax and Regulatory Coordinator will act as a liaison between the clients and Global Product Delivery as well as an internal liaison. Their duties may also include but are not limited to: 
Responsible for environment onboarding follow up and communicating to product owners once access is available. 
Routine environment check-up’s with clients 
Routine Tax & Reg check in with clients – do they still need everything they received last year 
Onboarding refresher for clients especially for their first deliverable 
Educate PSE’s on triage and what is considered Tax and Regs 
Educate Sales Teams on “How and what we do” and equally “What we don’t do” so less surprises when the client actually onboards 
Educate CSM’s as well 
Educating clients own resources when resources change 
Organise and eventually conduct client annual T&R check-in to ensure we have the most current information for the client’s T&R landscape. 
Additional Duties & Responsibilities  (other job-related duties and responsibilities that may be assigned from time to time) 
Various projects and research 
Internal and external communications and documentation 
Other job-related duties and responsibilities that may be assigned from time to time to support the Global Product Delivery team. 
Qualifications/Skills/Experience:
 
Education 
Bachelor and/or Master’s Degree in Business, Finance, Accounting or related field, or equivalent experience 
Experience 
 5+ years in a client facing role 
Knowledgeable about Oracle or SAP for AP, FA, AR, HR and Payroll 
Knowledgeable about the Oracle or SAP system patch update process
 Managing customer escalations 
Strong written and verbal skills 
Very friendly and eager to help and work with coworkers and clients 
Detail orientated, organized, and have the ability to simplify complex problems 
Passionate about customer satisfaction 
Desired Qualifications (not essential) 
Knowledge of one or more of the following: 
Oracle EBS Financials, HR and Payroll 
JD Edwards Financials, HR and Payroll 
PeopleSoft North America Financials, HR and Payroll 
PeopleSoft Global Payroll 
SAP Financials, HR and Payroll 
 Skills 
Escalation Management
 Negotiation and objection-handling skills 
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills 
Ability to successfully execute the TLR Onboarding Project Plan with successful results 
Excellent organizational, communication, interpersonal skills 
Ability to work well in a cross-functional, matrix management environment 
Strong English verbal and written communication skills 
Able to communicate in another language 
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills 
Experience with Smartsheet and SalesForce 
Experience with Microsoft Office (Teams, PowerPoint, Excel, Word) 
#LI-Remote 
 
Company Description:
 
Rimini Street, Inc. (Nasdaq: RMNI) is a global provider of enterprise software products and services, the leading third-party support provider for Oracle and SAP software products and a Salesforce partner. The Company offers premium, ultra-responsive and integrated application management and support services that enable enterprise software licensees to save significant costs, free up resources for innovation and achieve better business outcomes. To date, more than 4,000 Fortune 500, Fortune Global 100, midmarket, public sector and other organizations from a broad range of industries have relied on Rimini Street as their trusted application enterprise software products and services provider. 
Rimini Street is widely recognized by clients, leading industry analysts (including Gartner, Forrester, Constellation Research and Nucleus), and financial analysts as the leader in a large, fast growing market with tremendous upside and an extremely strong value proposition that resonates with CIOs and CFOs. According to Gartner, the third-party support market will grow to $1.05 billion by 2023, a 200% increase. With tight IT budgets and flat global economic growth, IT and procurement professionals are actively looking for proven methods to cut costs while improving service. Rimini Street enables organizations to free up budget for strategic business initiatives by delivering savings of up to 90 percent on total maintenance and support costs, and to date, the company has saved organizations over $5 billion in total maintenance costs since its inception. 
We’re building something special at Rimini Street. A company where people care about each other and trust each other to do the right thing. A company where highly intelligent and talented people come together to do challenging and meaningful work that makes a real difference to our clients, ending each day with a sense of achievement and balance in their lives. 
Be Treated Like the Best 
Rimini Street hires only the best – and provides the compensation, bonus and benefit programs appropriate for proven top-performing professionals. We want our employees to have an opportunity to share in the financial success that results from our dedication to service excellence, high-quality deliverables and an unparalleled client experience 
No bureaucracy, thousand-page rule books or politics — just everyone working together to build a great company through service excellence and client success 
Work hard, play hard environment – Rimini Street is a group of hard-working professionals who are passionate about achieving success, but we also enjoy opportunities to meet up at fun company events 
We are also passionate about giving back to our communities around the world, with plenty of opportunities for volunteering and charity through the Rimini Street Foundation 
All Rimini Street professionals are encouraged to grow and learn new skills 
Accelerating Company Growth 
Trading on Nasdaq under ticker symbol RMNI since October 2017 
Added to the US Russell 2000® Index in 2018 
Over 4,000 clients, to date including 100 of the Fortune 500 and Global 100 
Annual 2021 financial results of $326.8 million, up 16.3% year over year 
Fiscal year operating cash flow of $42.1 million, up 107% year over year 
Announced the new patent pending Rimini Street Artificial Intelligence Support Applications, a result of the Company’s continued investment in optimizing support processes and ensuring global service delivery outcomes at scale. Using the AI Applications, Rimini Street has been able to deliver a better client experience and reduce software issue resolution times by 23%. 
Celebrated the 15th anniversary of the Company’s founding in 2005 to redefine the enterprise software support market and bring choice and value to software licensees around the world. 
 Recent Industry Recognition 
Received 33 awards in 2020, including 15 awards for excellence in customer service from awards companies such as the International Stevie Awards, the American Stevie Awards, and the Stevie Awards for Sales & Customer Service
 Honored with four Gold awards for Company of the Year in 2020.
 The Rimini Street Foundation recognized with two awards in 2020 for Corporate Social Responsibility Program of the Year 
In addition, in 2020 the Company supported more than 120 charities around the world through the Rimini Street Foundation, providing financial contributions, volunteer hours and in-kind donations including personal protective equipment to healthcare workers, senior centers, food banks and youth organizations globally. The Foundation also extended its charitable work in 2020 to Hong Kong, Malaysia, Mozambique, Sweden and the UAE. 
To learn more about how Rimini Street is redefining the enterprise software support industry, visit http://www.riministreet.com 
Rimini Street is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment and is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender or gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law. 
Please Note: Rimini Street does not accept resumes submitted by recruiting/staffing firms unless specifically requested by Human Resources. Unsolicited resumes will be ineligible for referral fees. Rimini Street, Inc. 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Tax Manager jobs in Denver, CO Jobs at Rimini Street in Denver, CO Tax Manager salaries in Denver, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rimini Street, Inc. Rimini Street, Inc. 47 reviews Rimini Street is the leading independent provider of enterprise software support services, offering superior service and 50% cost savings Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
