
 
 
 
 Post Doc– Sensor Chemistry and Materials - Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Post Doc– Sensor Chemistry and Materials Xerox 14,356 reviews Palo Alto, CA Xerox 14,356 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description City:  Palo Alto
 State/Province:  California
 Country:  United States
 Department:  Research & Development
 Date:  Wednesday, March 17, 2021
 Working time:  Full-time
 Ref#:  20010724
 Job Level:  Individual Contributor
 Job Type:  Experienced
 Job Field:  Research & Development
 Description & Requirements
 The Hardware Research and Technology Laboratory (HRTL) at PARC is a group of multi-disciplinary scientists and engineers who enjoy the opportunity to invent and develop new technologies, foster innovation, and launch new businesses. Research in HRTL includes 3D printing, sensor systems for the IoT, carbon capture technology, applications of artificial intelligence, digital x-ray detection, robotics and much more. The Sensor Devices and Systems group within HRTL is looking for a research scientist with experience in chemistry, polymer science, materials science, or a related discipline to work on new sensor technologies including rapid drug testing/screening, bio-sensing, and gas sensing. Furthermore, we are looking for a candidate that can help develop new fields of research (sensing and otherwise), successfully compete for government research funding, and disseminate findings in peer-reviewed publications and conference presentations. 
 Responsibilities: 
 Develop and demonstrate new materials for rapid drug testing, gas sensing, and bio-sensing applications. 
 Collaborate with team to integrate novel materials into sensor systems and characterize performance 
 Design experiments and experimental apparatuses for sensor and material evaluation 
 Incubate and secure funding for new research directions 
 Support other projects at PARC as a subject-matter expert 
 Communicate research findings both within PARC and to the broader scientific community 
 Requirements: 
 PhD in chemistry, polymer science, materials science, or a related discipline 
 Creativity and desire to collaborate with colleagues across disciplines 
 Hands-on experience with synthetic organic chemistry or materials chemistry at lab scale. Areas of particular relevance include: synthesis of small molecule sensing agents, polymer synthesis at laboratory scale, post-synthetic polymer modification, or surface functionalization chemistry for nanoparticles, electrodes, or CNTs. 
 Familiarity with standard materials characterization tools, including: gas adsorption porosimetry, FT-IR and UV-Vis spectroscopy, cyclic voltammetry, differential scanning calorimetry (DSC), and thermogravimetric analysis (TGA). Deep expertise in optical and/or electrochemical techniques is a plus. 
 Experience with sensors, sensor characterization, lab measurement automation, and Python or R are all plusses 
 Excellent written and oral communication skills 
The successful candidate must be able to meet the requirements under the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) and the Export Administration Regulations (EAR). 
 Xerox (NYSE: XRX) makes every day work better.  We are a workplace technology company, building and integrating software and hardware for enterprises large and small. As customers seek to manage information across digital and physical platforms, Xerox delivers a seamless, secure and sustainable experience. Whether inventing the copier, the ethernet, the laser printer or more, Xerox has long defined the modern work experience. Learn more at www.xerox.com and explore our commitment to diversity and inclusion. 
 Xerox is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, gender identity or expression, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, use of a guide dog or service animal, military/veteran status, citizenship status, basis of genetic information, or any other group protected by law. Learn more at  www.xerox.com  and explore our  commitment to diversity and inclusion!  People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply or compete for employment with Xerox may request such accommodation(s) by sending an e-mail to XeroxStaffingAdminCenter@xerox.com. Be sure to include your name, the job you are interested in, and the accommodation you are seeking. 
 © 2020 Xerox Corporation. All rights reserved. Xerox® and Xerox and Design® are trademarks of Xerox Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Xerox 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Xerox in Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Xerox Xerox 14,356 reviews Why build your career at Xerox? 

Because every day you’ll work alongside people who are as passionate about new ideas, customer servic... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
