
 
 
 
 RMA Technician - San Francisco, CA 94103 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search RMA Technician Lambda 17 reviews San Francisco, CA 94103 Remote Lambda 17 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Lambda's mission is to accelerate human progress with computation. Our deep learning systems power cutting edge advancements in quantum computing, cancer detection, autonomous aircraft, drug discovery, self driving cars, and much more. 
 
Lambda’s growing client list included Apple, Intel, Microsoft, Amazon Research, Tencent, MIT, Harvard, Stanford, Caltech and many more top public and private research institutions. 
 
Join us in building the future of Artificial Intelligence. 
 
 About the Role 
 
We have an immediate need for a System Repair and RMA Technician with solid knowledge of PC and system, server operation and troubleshooting. In this role, you will have the opportunity to repair and track status of RMA support requests of customers as well as communicate diligently to Lambda customers on the status of the repair/replacement. The role is extremely important to maintain Lambda’s commitment to excellent customer service and maintain its high approval rating. We are looking for passionate, dedicated technicians who love what they do and can provide excellent testing support. 
 
What You’ll Do 
 
 Troubleshoot and repair Lambda products 
 Perform functional test on Workstations and Server hardware 
 Using Trial and Error method, diagnose defective components on servers that do not pass the standard testing process 
 Track all support tickets and update the tickets real time 
 Report any defective parts to RMA/Repair Database 
 Ensure all products conform to current MFG Quality Standards 
 Follow all applicable work instructions to perform testing and repair processes. 
 Onsite customer support service as needed 
 Any other manufacturing floor tasks that may be assigned 
 
 Experience that’s great to have 
 
 Computer hardware and network troubleshooting skills 
 Excellent communication skills both verbal and written to respond to support tickets and correspondence with Lambda customers 
 Previous experience with datacenter equipment including console, KVM, and power control is preferred 
 Must work well in an fast-paced environment with dynamic requirements and priorities 
 Ability to lift/carry up to 50 lbs 
 Understanding and adherence to Support / Operations Best Practices is a must 
 Ability to set priorities, multi-task, resolve problems and manage time as well as a team player 
 
 Nice to Have 
 
 2-3 years’ experience in related field or completed/enrolled in certificate or degree programs such as Computer Electronics and Networking Technology, Engineering, Computer Science, Information Technology 
 
 About Lambda 
 
 We offer generous cash & equity compensation. 
 Investors include Gradient Ventures, Google’s AI-focused venture fund. 
 We are experiencing extremely high demand for our systems, with quarter over quarter, year over year profitability. 
 Our research papers have been accepted into top machine learning and graphics conferences, including NeurIPS ,ICCV, SIGGRAPH, and TOG. 
 We have a wildly talented team of 30, and growing fast. 
 Our remote workforce, based on role, is across the U.S., with headquarters in San Francisco. 
 Health, dental, and vision coverage for you and your dependents. 
 Commuter/Work from home stipends. 
 401k Plan. 
 3 weeks Annual Paid Time Off. 
 
 
Equal Opportunity Employer 
 
Lambda Labs is an Equal Opportunity employer. Applicants are considered without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, age, sex, gender, marital status, sexual orientation and identity, genetic information, veteran status, citizenship, or any other factors prohibited by local, state, or federal law. Lambda 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technician jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Lambda in San Francisco, CA Technician salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lambda Lambda 17 reviews Lambda is the official English student newspaper at Laurentian University in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
