
 
 
 
 Senior Director, Engineering- Artificial Intelligence - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Director, Engineering- Artificial Intelligence Kronos Incorporated 554 reviews Remote Remote Kronos Incorporated 554 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. & Requirements 
 Description 
UKG is looking to hire a Senior Director of Engineering to lead the Artificial Intelligence (AI) team in planning, architecting, developing, delivering, and operating AI and Data solutions for the UKG Pro HCM (Human Capital Management) SaaS Suite. This role is a highly technical, tactical and strategic Engineering leadership position within the Development Organization, working closely with Product leadership to define and deliver leading edge AI offerings and innovations for the suite. Expertise in agile software development, product development, and SaaS cloud business operations is a requirement.
 
 
Primary/Essential Duties and Key Responsibilities: 
 You lead, manage, and grow a large Product Engineering Domain, directing a team of Directors and Senior Managers who lead multiple software development agile teams following the DevOps culture. Your teams own the full engineering and operations lifecycle for the domain: from planning, architecting, developing, and testing software, to delivering and operating the product offerings in the cloud. You partner with Product and Engineering senior leaders towards successful analysis, planning, design, and delivery of the solutions. You are someone with a strong customer obsession, experienced in software technology, process, and product improvement to deliver outstanding results to a variety of internal and external customers.
 You are data-driven, skilled in defining goals and achieving results, and you excel in an intense, dynamic work environment.
 You are a technologist and work well across a large and distributed organization, forming strong partnerships with internal stakeholders in Product, Cloud, and Services teams and critical external third parties.
 You assist Product and Development VPs in defining and understanding the business requirements tied to imperative business strategic goals. You lead your domain to define and evolve the strategy and vision for the architecture, technology, delivery, and operation of products towards alignment with key business objectives. You define metrics to measure performance, set goals for improvement in each area, and work with the responsible leaders to systematically improve and sustain high performance.
 You define and champion new Engineering and business metrics for understanding Engineering productivity, velocity, and delivery capacity - for product & site operations.
 You expand and evolve Engineering metrics and reporting to increase the level of transparency and KPI-based reviews and decisions within Engineering, and at the company exec level. You will take point on evolving Engineering strategic and tactical KPIs and providing insight on priorities and strategy. You will work closely with Product, Cloud, and Services leadership to define and measure the KPIs towards continuous improvement and rapid innovation. In this highly visible role, you will be responsible for growing, managing, and reporting on both day-to-day operations and strategic projects that enable UKG to scale. You will assist Product Development VPs with the planning and management of other Engineering operational initiatives, such as Engineering’s interaction with Product, Services, or Sales events.
 Leadership experience within an Engineering organization, working directly with SVP/VP level leadership; minimum 3 years total. Engineering management experience; minimum 12 years total. Experience developing and introducing and executing on new software development, product, business, operations, and people-related best practices Hands-on experience planning and running large organizational or operational initiatives from start to finish.
 Exceptional verbal and written communication; skilled with communication at all levels
 Self-driven and takes initiative when confronted with ambiguity.
 Strong leadership and collaboration skills; ability to influence without authority.
 Strong technical aptitude/affinity; experience working with software, test, and/or system engineers and architects.
 Thrives in a fast-paced environment with a high rate of change.
 You will also… 
 Hire, mentor and scale a high performing product engineering domain that includes both strategic and operational functions.
 Develop a long-term strategy for software development and delivery efficiencies of scale, outsourcing across teams, providers, and countries.
 Define metrics in a rapidly growing and ambiguous environment and hold both internal and external teams accountable to results.
 Drive root-cause analysis of existing customer pain points in partnership with product and engineering teams.
 Foster a culture of process improvement and defect elimination to improve the customer experience. Lead domain to fully automate and simplify current manual software development and operational processes. Manage rhythm of the business, i.e., drive increased visibility for our leadership team into external partner business performance and opportunities for growth.
 Qualifications 
We are looking for someone who has: 
 BA/BS with 12+ years of management experience, Master’s degree preferred.
 15+ years of technical experience in the Software industry Experience leading a team of Data Scientists, Data Engineers, and Software Engineers in delivering and operating an AI Platform-as-a-Service solution, Data Services, and AI/ML models and services, is preferable. Understanding of security, reliability, scalability, availability, and performance problems and solutions.
 Experience building and scaling large-scale strategic and cross-functional programs from the ground-up.
 Champion of evolutionary development practices, leveraging flexibility and creativity when balancing the present technologies with emerging ones when formulating long term engineering strategies. Ability to prioritize and demonstrate relentless discipline in achieving goals.
 Strong ownership, bias for action, and willingness to roll-up your sleeves to get the job done.
 You’ve built and worked across high-functioning teams; and served as coach and mentor to the team while scaling in new areas. Passion and empathy for the customers you serve.
 Demonstrated track record of building and growing high-performance teams that can deliver results against multiple complex projects.
 Strong deductive skills and data-driven orientation.
 Ability to influence without authority to partner with cross-functional teams.
 Experience in a B2B environment with unique and varied customer needs
 Corporate overview 
Here at UKG, Our Purpose Is People. UKG combines the strength and innovation of Ultimate Software and Kronos, uniting two award-winning, employee-centered cultures. Our employees are an extraordinary group of talented, energetic, and innovative people who care about more than just work. We strive to create a culture of belonging and an employee experience that empowers our people. UKG has more than 13,000 employees around the globe and is known for its inclusive workplace culture. Ready to be inspired? Learn more at  www.ukg.com/careers 
 EEO Statement 
 Equal Opportunity Employer 
Kronos, a UKG Company, is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law. 
View  The EEO is the Law poster  and its  supplement . 
View the  Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision 
Kronos participates in E-Verify. View the E-Verify posters  here . 
Disability Accommodation
 For individuals with disabilities that need additional assistance at any point in the application and interview process, please email  KronosCareers@kronos.com  or please call  1 (978) 250 9800 . Kronos Incorporated 26 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Director of Engineering jobs in Remote Jobs at Kronos in Remote Senior Director of Engineering salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Kronos Incorporated Kronos Incorporated 554 reviews At UKG™, our purpose is people. Formed by two leaders in HR solutions, UKG combines the strength and innovation of Ultimate Software and ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
