
 
 
 
 Senior Deep Learning Software Engineer, Inference Workflows - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Deep Learning Software Engineer, Inference Workflows NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are now looking for a Senior Software Engineer, Deep Learning Inference Workflows.
 Would you like to make a big impact in deep learning by helping build a state-of-the-art inference framework for NVidia GPUs, and by designing novel inference deployment workflows for an expansive and emerging class of Machine Learning applications? We are now welcoming exceptional machine learning engineers to apply to Senior Engineering positions in the Deep Learning software team.
 What you’ll be doing:
 Develop production-grade GPU-accelerated ML inference software in C++ and Python.
 Build graph parsers, optimizers, and tools for effective deployment of trained ML models.
 Collaborate with deep learning professionals and GPU architects to develop robust ML software for autonomous driving, NLP, computer vision, and recommender systems.
 What we need to see:
 BS, MS, PhD or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Computer Engineering.
 5+ years of relevant software development experience.
 Proficiency in C++ and Python programming.
 Strong knowledge of Machine Learning concepts.
 Experience in working with TensorRT, PyTorch, TensorFlow, ONNX Runtime or other ML frameworks.
 Excellent communication skills, and an aptitude for collaboration and teamwork.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Familiarity with advanced C++11/C++14 language features.
 Experience in GPU kernel programming using CUDA or OpenCL.
 Experience in software performance benchmarking, profiling, and optimizations.
 Experience in compiler development
 With competitive salaries and a generous benefits package, NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. Our products are leading the way with groundbreaking developments in Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing and Visualization. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. Do you love the challenge of crafting the fastest and most power-efficient inferencing solutions in their class? If so, we want to hear from you!
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Deep Learning Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Deep Learning Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
