
 
 
 
 Neuroimaging Engineer - Radiology - St. Louis, MO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Neuroimaging Engineer - Radiology Washington University in St. Louis 707 reviews St. Louis, MO Washington University in St. Louis 707 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $51,292 - $66,684 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Details 
 
 
 Job Title 
 Neuroimaging Engineer - Radiology - 51890 
 
 Job ID 
 51890 
 
 
 Location 
 
 
 Medical School 
 
 Full/Part Time 
 Full-Time 
 
 
 Regular/Temporary 
 Regular 
 
 
 
 Job Type/Schedule 
 
 
 This position is full-time and works approximately 40 hours per week. 
 
 Department Name/Job Location 
 
 
 This position is in the Department of Radiology. This position is for the Medical School Campus. 
 
 Essential Functions 
 
 
 POSITION SUMMARY: 
This position will perform innovative data analyses on neuroimaging and related data. Develop and implement computer algorithms for analyzing that data. Assume major responsibility for software and hardware development and implementation in a neuroimaging-focused, neuroscience lab. This position will work under the guidance of Dean Wong, MD, PhD and Ganesh Chand, PhD within the Mallinckrodt Institute of Radiology (MIR) Our laboratory focuses on the multi-modal neuroimaging, including brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), functional MRI (fMRI), diffusion tensor imaging (DTI), electroencephalography (EEG) and positron emission tomography (PET) datasets from various clinical studies (Schizophrenia, Alzheimer’s disease, Atherosclerosis). 
PRIMARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 Perform quality check of brain PET/MR images and manage them in the data repository and computer servers. 
 Run existing PET/MR brain image processing pipelines in the computer servers, produce the results and communicate with the group members. 
 Write computer codes for the PET/MR brain image analysis under the guidance of team leaders. 
 Engage in the development and testing/validation of new quantitative machine learning/artificial intelligence algorithms and their applications to PET/MR studies. 
 Prepare documentation of existing and newly developed brain image analysis pipelines and algorithms/methods. 
 Assist the team in the manuscript preparation of research findings. 
 Support the team leaders to fulfill the research objectives of their funded projects. 
 Assist the team leaders in generating preliminary results for grant funding proposals. 
 
 Required Qualifications 
 
 
 Bachelor’s degree. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 
 
 Experience in similar research labs or environments. 
 Bachelor's degree (plus one to two years of related experience) or master’s degree in quantitative field, such as physics, engineering, computer science, data science, bioinformatics, computational biology, computational neuroscience, applied mathematics, biostatistics, and related field. 
 Strong computer skills (knowledge of Python, Python Libraries, Matlab, statistical analysis packages, basic shell scripting, experience in Unix/Linux platform). 
 Experience with image analysis such as MRI or PET analysis. 
 This position is ideal for the candidate who is familiar with and/or has high-level interest in emerging ML/AI techniques and their applications in clinical neuroimaging research. 
 
 Salary Range 
 
 
 The hiring range for this position is $51,292 - $66,684 annually. 
 
 Pre-Employment Screening 
 
 
 All external candidates receiving an offer for employment will be required to submit to pre-employment screening for this position. Current employees applying for a new position within the university may be subject to this requirement. The screenings will include a criminal background check and, as applicable for the position, other background checks, drug screen, employment and education or licensure/certification verification, physical examination, certain vaccinations and/or governmental registry checks. All offers are contingent upon successful completion of required screening. 
 
 Department Summary 
 
 
 This position offers the excellent learning opportunity to gain experience in advanced multi-modal neuroimaging techniques, image analysis, advanced machine learning/artificial intelligence techniques, and to apply these methods in the study of normal and pathological brain structure function. The laboratory has established worldwide collaborations with Academic Institutions and leading Pharmaceutical Companies. The position will receive the excellent learning opportunity from an interdisciplinary team of technical and clinical researchers. 
 
 Benefits 
 
 
 This position is eligible for full-time benefits. Please click the following link to view a summary of benefits: https://wustl.box.com/s/8wkhs25yssf0775x9d6nd6vqa7obpth7. 
 
 EOE Statement 
 
 
 Washington University is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, genetic information, disability, or protected veteran status. Washington University in St. Louis 21 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in St. Louis, MO Engineer salaries in St. Louis, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Washington University in St. Louis Washington University in St. Louis 707 reviews As the School of Medicine’s clinical practice, Washington University Physicians is among the largest academic practices in the nation. Ou... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
