
 
 
 
 Digital Transformation Consultant - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Digital Transformation Consultant United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) Remote Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Digital Transformation Consultant 
 Location :   Home Based 
 
 Application Deadline :  25-May-21  (Midnight New York, USA) 
 Time left :  0d 1h 53m 
 Type of Contract :  Individual Contract 
 Post Level :  International Consultant 
 Languages Required : 
  English
 
 Starting Date : 
(date when the selected candidate is expected to start)  01-Jun-2021 
 Duration of Initial Contract :  3-6 Months 
 
 
 UNDP is committed to achieving workforce diversity in terms of gender, nationality and culture. Individuals from minority groups, indigenous groups and persons with disabilities are equally encouraged to apply. All applications will be treated with the strictest confidence. 
 
 UNDP does not tolerate sexual exploitation and abuse, any kind of harassment, including sexual harassment, and discrimination. All selected candidates will, therefore, undergo rigorous reference and background checks. 
 
 
 Background 
 
 Emerging and future digital technologies and the opportunities they offer to profoundly improve the way UNDP creates and delivers value and benefits for those we serve. Recognizing this potential, UNDP is splicing digital into its DNA—harnessing its potential to do good for more people, better and faster. UNDP has created a new UNDP Digital Unit, charged with leading the next wave of innovation in sustainable development. 
We are leveraging the power and agility of digital to propel all people forward, starting with digital initiative development, scaling innovation, and communicating this organizational change internally and externally. To achieve this, we need a team that's nimble, that's passionate, that has the technical skills required to help close the digital divide. Are you one of these people? Read more about our digital strategy here. 
The position of the Digital Transformation Consultant will be part of the team under Chief Digital Officer and responsible for the following: 
Apply a structured methodology for system change and support change management activities 
Support digital innovation projects and demands arise from UNDP country offices 
Develop human-centred approaches for culture change that are agile, and ready for the digital world 
 
 
 Duties and Responsibilities 
 
 Deliverables 
Duration 
Apply a structured methodology for system change and support senior management decisions 
 Apply a change management process and tools to support the adoption of the changes required by the Digital Transformation of UNDP Support strategic positioning analysis and advice, e.g. related to comparative advantage, partnerships, vision, mission and values Support the translation of strategic direction and business objectives into holistic change strategies Provide analysis and content preparation for corporate priority topics and executive management. 
Monthly 
Support digital innovation projects and demands arise from UNDP country offices 
 Help identify and consolidate digital innovations globally within UNDP into a structured compilation, and update it regularly Assess user needs and internal processes in order to identify innovation opportunities aligned with UNDP digital strategy and the changing needs of governments around the world Support digital innovation projects during ideation and product design, esp. on key decisions regarding product features and technology options 
Monthly 
Develop human-centred approaches for culture change that are agile, and ready for the digital world 
 As part of the digital team, work to create conditions for a culture of innovation and strengthen this competency amongst UNDP stakeholders (Bureaux / Country Offices) Coordinate between different Bureaus to identify key stakeholders and understand existing culture and bottlenecks Support the design, development and delivery of communications in support of the change process Help different bureaus respond to and embrace market, regulatory, and process changes triggered by emerging digital technologies Contribute to practice development initiatives including culture building, internal community involvement, eminence, recruiting, whitepapers, etc 
Monthly 
 
 
 Competencies 
 
 Core 
Innovation 
Ability to make new and useful ideas work 
Leadership 
Ability to persuade others to follow 
People Management 
Ability to improve performance and satisfaction 
Communication 
Ability to listen, adapt, persuade and transform 
Delivery 
Ability to get things done while exercising good judgement 
Technical/Functional 
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 
Ability to deliver in a high-pressure environment 
Ability to handle complex situations and multiple responsibilities simultaneously, mixing long-term projects with the urgency of immediate demands. 
Ability to collaborate with and achieve actionable results 
Excellent ability to multi-task in a high-demand and fast-paced work context 
Promotes a knowledge-sharing and learning culture in the office 
Consistently approaches work with energy and a positive, constructive attitude 
 
 
 
 Required Skills and Experience 
 
 V. Recruitment Qualifications 
Education: 
University degree in fields related to Public Policy, Business, Development, Communications, or equivalent 
Experience: 
Minimum 2 years of relevant experience in a management consulting or industry role with digital exposure 
Experience in undertaking change management or culture change activities to support an organization’s transformation. 
Experience at a management consulting firm focused on strategy, operations, process consulting, or project/program delivery within digital transformations 
Demonstrated ability to collaborate with different teams including but not limited to strategic planning, IT, communications, partnerships, operations, human resources, etc 
Demonstrated interest in one of the following communities of practice: Digital Advisory, Transformation Leadership, or Organizational Change Management 
Understanding of technology innovations (e.g. mobile apps, blockchain, artificial intelligence) 
Familiarity with user research, user-centred design principles, process transformation, and data analytics 
Experience and understanding of digital transformation a plus. 
Language Requirements: 
Excellent knowledge of English, as well as writing, presentation and communication skills. Fluency in other UN languages is an asset 
The application package containing the following ( to be uploaded as one file ): 
Personal CV 
Note: The above documents need to be scanned in one file and uploaded to the online application as one document. 
Evaluation process 
Applicants are reviewed based on the Required Skills and Experience stated above and based on the technical evaluation criteria outlined below. Applicants will be evaluated based on cumulative scoring.? When using this weighted scoring method, the award of the contract will be made to the individual consultant whose offer has been evaluated and determined as: 
Being responsive/compliant/acceptable; and 
Having received the highest score out of a pre-determined set of weighted technical and financial criteria specific to the solicitation where technical criteria weighs 70% and Financial criteria/ Proposal weighs 30%. 
Technical evaluation - Total 70% (70 points) 
Criteria 1 : Relevant qualifications and experience (Maximum points 10 Points) 
 Criteria 2:  Demonstrated experience in change management, organizational change, or digital transformation (Maximum points: 25 points) 
Criteria 3 : Deep knowledge of digital technologies and/or innovation methodologies, including human-centred design, agile development, mobile apps, blockchain, artificial intelligence, etc. (Maximum:25 points) 
Criteria 4:  Demonstrated experience in working with multicultural and remote teams, preferably with a global organization (10 Points) 
Selected candidates may be interviewed. Candidates with a minimum score of 49 points (70% of 70 points) will be short-listed for the financial evaluation. 
Financial?evaluation - Total 30%?(30 points) 
The following formula will be used to evaluate the financial proposal: 
p = y (µ/z), where 
p = points for the financial proposal being evaluated 
y = maximum number of points for the financial proposal 
µ = price of the lowest-priced proposal 
z = price of the proposal being evaluated 
Shortlisted candidates ( ONLY ) will be requested to submit a  Financial Proposal. 
The financial proposal should specify an all-inclusive daily fee (based on an 8-hour working day with 1-hour lunch included - and estimated 21.75 days per month). 
The financial proposal must be all-inclusive and take into account various expenses that will be incurred during the contract, including: the daily professional fee; cost of travel from the home base to the duty station and vice versa, where required; living allowances at the duty station; communications, utilities and consumables; life, health and any other insurance; risks and inconveniences related to work under hardship and hazardous conditions (e.g., personal security needs, etc.), when applicable; and any other relevant expenses related to the performance of services under the contract. 
In the case of unforeseeable travel requested by UNDP, payment of travel costs including tickets, lodging and terminal expenses should be agreed upon, between UNDP and Individual Consultant, prior to travel and will be reimbursed. In general, UNDP should not accept travel costs exceeding those of an economy class ticket. Should the IC wish to travel on a higher class he/she should do so using their own resources. 
If the Offeror is employed by an organization/company/institution, and he/she expects his/her employer to charge a management fee in the process of releasing him/her to UNDP under a Reimbursable Loan Agreement (RLA), the Offeror must indicate at this point, and ensure that all such costs are duly incorporated in the financial proposal submitted to UNDP. 
The Financial Proposal is to be emailed as per the instruction in the separate email that will be sent to shortlisted candidates. 
Contract Award 
Candidate obtaining the highest combined scores in the combined score of Technical and Financial evaluation will be considered technically qualified and will be offered to enter into contract with UNDP. 
Institutional arrangement 
The consultant will work under the guidance and direct supervision of the Digital Transformation Specialist and will be responsible for the fulfilment of the deliverables as specified above. The Consultant will be responsible for providing her/his own laptop till we return to the office premise. 
Payment modality 
Payment to the Individual Contractor will be made based on the actual number of days worked, deliverables accepted and upon certification of satisfactory completion by the manager. United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) 14 days ago original job Report job Digital Transformation Consultant jobs in Remote Jobs at United Nations Development Programme in Remote Digital Transformation Consultant salaries in Remote Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
