
 
 
 
 IT Support Specialist I - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search IT Support Specialist I Singularity University 11 reviews Remote Remote Singularity University 11 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description IT Support Specialist I 
Job Description & Candidate Profile 
A BOUT  S INGULARITY  U NIVERSITY 
Singularity University (SU) is a benefit corporation based in Silicon Valley. We are a global community using exponential technologies to tackle the world’s biggest challenges. Our learning and innovation platform empowers individuals and organizations with the mindset, skillset, and network to build breakthrough solutions that leverage emerging technologies like artificial intelligence, robotics, and digital biology. With our community of entrepreneurs, corporations, development organizations, governments, investors, and academic institutions, we have the necessary ingredients to create a more abundant future for all. 
P OSITION  O VERVIEW : 
The IT Support Specialist I is responsible for analyzing, troubleshooting, and resolving technology issues across all teams within Singularity Group. This role supports all members of the organization, helping to keep employees productive and efficient. Because the role is in a remote environment, offering direct support to coworkers via telephone, email, or chat functions is necessary, as is proper documentation of each conversation where technical advice is dispensed. Some specialists are tasked with giving instructions to customers on how to use business-specific programs, applications, and/or working with other technicians to resolve problems. 
K EY  R ESPONSIBILITIES : 
Provide front line IT support 
Monitor the Tech Ops help desk ticketing system in both JIRA HelpDesk and Asana, respond timely to technical user issues, and document both activity and resolutions. 
Providing daily, first-level, remote user support, and maintenance of the IT infrastructure by documenting, analyzing, and resolving reported technical issues, including upgrades, new user installations, and virtual maintenance. 
Assisting with software installations, computer testing, and asset and software licensing management. 
Assisting and training users on the use of various software tools, applications, and cloud resources. 
Provide virtual back office support 
Identifying issues, trends, and opportunities to improve efficiency and /or quality, or to better assist users and report relevant information and recommendations. 
Creating and updating detailed procedure and process instructions. 
Updating and patching systems to ensure a secure and compliant infrastructure. 
Performing other related duties as required or assigned. 
Minimum Requirements (you must have): 
An Associate’s Degree in Computer Science, or related field, or Currently enrolled in a Technology focused program or equivalent work experience. 
At least 1 year of experience in a computer operations environment providing help desk support and administration. 
Working knowledge of and the ability to efficiently operate Apple Macbooks, Google Workspace, Slack, project management software, and malware prevention tools. 
Excellent communication skills including the ability to express oneself clearly and concisely when providing services and documenting resolutions, tasks, and project updates. 
Candidate Profile: 
Experience 
Experience providing IT support to a remote workforce. 
Experience working as part of a team on large IT projects spanning weeks or months of effort. 
Demonstrable technical skills with Apple devices. 
Demonstrable technical skills with Salesforce products and features. 
Agility and confidence in troubleshooting IT issues under pressure within a fast-paced environment where every second counts. 
Direct experience with implementing a highly organized system for tool administration and account management. 
Experience using APIs and other advanced software integration methodologies. 
Expertise 
Demonstrated ability to provide outstanding customer service timely and on a consistent basis. 
Demonstrated ability to identify, research and resolve issues in a timely manner. 
Demonstrated ability to create, maintain, and update documentation pertaining to desktop support processes. 
Exceptional attention to detail, ensuring that all materials are accurate, clear, concise, and error-free. 
Knowledge of IT best practices and the ability to help maintain safe and secure virtual computing environments across a fully remote workforce. 
Impeccable communication skills. 
Quick and efficient IT service. 
Impact & Influence: 
This is a  full-time, exempt  position. 
The position reports to  the Director, IT 
This is an  individual contributor  position with no supervisory responsibilities.  The position's primary work location  will be remote. 
Singularity University is committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive work environment.   SU is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and is committed to providing equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all persons regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state/provincial, local law. 
 
 QSYz5wNW7Z Singularity University 6 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job IT Support jobs in Remote Jobs at Singularity University in Remote IT Support salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Singularity University Singularity University 11 reviews Singularity University is a California Benefit Corporation  part university, part think-tank, part business-incubator  located in Silicon... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
