
 
 
 
 Product Manager - Buffalo, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Manager ATTO Technology, Inc. Buffalo, NY ATTO Benefits 
 From health care to retirement planning, we offer a comprehensive and competitive benefit package to help you now, and in the future. 
 Health & Wellness 
 We know that your health and the health of your family are extremely important, which is why ATTO offers flexible and comprehensive medical and dental plans and programs. 
 Insurance 
 ATTO keeps you protected during the ups and downs of life with a full range of life and disability insurance options. 
 Financial 
 ATTO is here to help with your long-term savings goals with flexible spending accounts and competitive retirement plans. 
 Time Off 
 Enjoy a work-life balance with a generous paid time off program. 
 Professional Growth 
 Expand your knowledge and skillset through one of ATTO's many in-house trainings and take advantage of our tuition assistance program. 
 Additional Perks 
 ATTO employees and their families can enjoy a variety of discounts from theme parks to movies, and much more. 
 What you'll do 
 ATTO is a leader in computer storage and networking, helping to develop the technologies and build the products that power today's data centers as well as the applications like artificial intelligence and digital media that are changing the world. We are looking for a talented person to join our product management team, to help lead product definition, communication and marketing activities for a product line. 
The ideal candidate will provide leadership and work with internal and external customers to set product line strategy and roadmap priorities. Additionally, they will work with the team to develop and execute a comprehensive go-to-market strategy, including identification of target markets and customers, creation of marketing programs and campaigns, and working with the sales team to close business. The Product Manager is responsible for the success of the product line and is expected to work comprehensively to successfully meet the goals that they help set. 
ATTO is proud to be a privately held Western New York company with a global reach. We value our employees and offer a competitive and comprehensive health care and benefit package to help you now, and into the future. We also understand that our employees value work-life balance and offer a generous paid time off program to support them. 
The Product Manager must possess a unique blend of business and technical savvy, have a big-picture vision, and have the drive to make that vision a reality. Their primary responsibilities include: 
 You'd be a great fit for this opportunity if you have... 
 Be the product and market expert. Gather and communicate key sales, operations, support, and development metrics. 
 Define product strategy and roadmap.
 Manage the entire product line life cycle from strategic planning to tactical activities.
 Understand market problems and translate these into product requirements.
 Interact regularly and directly with customers and market influencers. Use information from these interactions to drive product development and marketing activities.
 Develop core positioning statements, messaging, and collateral for the product line. Train the extended selling team on this messaging to ensure a consistent and precise product line identity.
 Develop and implement a go-to-market plan that detail the strategic objectives as well as tactical activities needed to successfully launch new and updated products.
 Understand the competition. Develop strategies and messaging that create differentiation and competitive advantage for ATTO 
 Manage product development process and provide team leadership, including creation of business cases that support investment of capital and human resources in the product line. ATTO Technology, Inc. 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Manager jobs in Buffalo, NY Jobs at ATTO Technology in Buffalo, NY Product Manager salaries in Buffalo, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from ATTO Technology, Inc. Celebrating 25 years of industry leadership, ATTO Technology, Inc. is an innovator of storage and network connectivity and infrastructure... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
