
 
 
 
 Sr. Investigation Specialist - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Investigation Specialist Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,363 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,363 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 A Bachelor's degree or equivalent 
 Minimum of one year of experience in: Fraud, Cyber Crime, Financial Crimes, or Financial Risk Management 
 Ability to perform deep investigations on complex, sensitive escalations for numerous internal stakeholders 
 Excellent oral and written communication, along with data presentation skills and the ability to effectively communicate with both internal and external stakeholders 
 Ability to work effectively in a multi-task, high volume environment 
 Ability to be adaptable and flexible in responding to deadlines and workflow fluctuations 
 Ability to deal with high level of ambiguity 
 Flexibility to work various shifts, including working one weekend day or alternative start-end times, and voluntary overtime hours per business needs 
 
AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. Whether it’s Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.
 
Are you interested in taking your skills and career to the next level, while having fun and fighting fraud in the cloud? Join a growing world-class team to conduct investigations in order to prevent malicious and fraudulent usage on AWS.
 
You will be an integral member of a team of investigators, analysts and specialists conducting complex investigations of fraud activity. You will help drive related intelligence initiatives targeting new and emerging fraud threats to AWS. You will leverage your analytical and data skills to deep dive on a myriad of fraud activity to help drive complex investigations and investigative strategies. You will be at the forefront of keeping abreast of trends and fraud issues impacting the Cloud industry to ensure AWS is leading the curve in identifying, mitigating and preventing fraud attacks.
 
AWS is seeking dedicated, hardworking, analytical candidates with a proven track record of performance and results-oriented thinking, to join the AWS Fraud Investigations Team. Investigators will be responsible for a wide range of duties related to the investigation and mitigation of fraud in the Cloud. Ideal applicants will have experience in the Cloud industry, previous fraud experience, and proven success in a customer-driven workplace. All candidates will be analytical and capable of succeeding in a fast-paced team environment.
 
The Investigation Specialist position entails shift work, potentially evenings and weekends. Specific shift requirements will be based on the needs of the business. This position relies on judgment to plan and accomplish goals with nearly all decisions expected to be made independently with a high degree of accuracy and attention to detail. Individual problem-solving and analytical skills are used to authenticate customers’ cloud computing behavior and complex transactions on AWS accounts.
 
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here. While considering the needs of the business, we aim to help you have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work. Professional development is important to this team, and we provide resources to help you achieve your goals.
 
We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
 Learn more about Amazon on our Day 1 Blog:  https://blog.aboutamazon.com
 
 Responsibilities Include: 
 
 Conduct complex and deep dive investigations of sophisticated criminals and criminal enterprises 
 Use a combination of manual and automated tools to gather data and conduct ad-hoc investigations 
 Work with cross-functional teams across Amazon for collaboration on fraud risks and investigations 
 Work with stakeholders to drive process improvements that will impact internal and external customers 
 Maintain the confidentiality of all information obtained during the investigations process 
 Take on ad hoc projects/assignments related to fraud investigations as necessary 
 Experience countering fraud in a technology services organization or similar environment 
 Experience in e-commerce/on-line companies in fraud/risk control functions 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Sales Specialist jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon Web Services in Seattle, WA Senior Sales Specialist salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,363 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
