
 
 
 
 OKTA Administrator - Atlanta, GA 30328 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search OKTA Administrator Capgemini 8,227 reviews Atlanta, GA 30328 Capgemini 8,227 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration : 6+Months 
Responsibilities : 
OKTA administration- including patching and platform management, user administration and management 
Implementing and supporting OKTA multi-factor authentication and SSO solution. 
Develop and implement processes and procedures to ensure that is able to meet its customers' expectations and deliver quality services within specified Service Level Agreements (SLAs) and contractual obligations. 
Ensure that all Service Management processes are followed, and all incidents and requests are addressed within the required time to adhere to published SLAs. 
Coordinate escalations and collaborate with internal technology teams to ensure timely resolution of issues. 
Perform system maintenance and maintain current documentation. 
Propose process and technical improvements to enhance the customer's environment and experience. 
Maintain system integrations between LDAP directory, identity management system, and Third-Party systems. 
Run reporting of usage statistics. 
Create user notifications informing end users of enrollment on the server. 
Maintain the application by applying patches and troubleshooting issues and import of licenses Create logical separations of duties for users in the environment. 
Provision & De-Provision users within the Tool. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Administrator jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Capgemini in Atlanta, GA Administrator salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,227 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
