
 
 
 
 MIT App Inventor Advisor - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search MIT App Inventor Advisor SureStart Remote Remote Job details Salary Up to $35 an hour Job Type Part-time Full Job Description MIT App Inventor Advisor (remote, part-time & paying up to $35/hr) 
This summer SureStart is collaborating with the MIT RAISE Initiative to host a very exciting 6-week AI program called the   MIT FutureMakers Create-a-Thon ! The program, starting July 6th 2021, will bring together students from across the US to create a deliberately diverse group of learners, who are developing skills related to artificial intelligence, applied machine learning, affective computing, app development and entrepreneurship through a virtual program led by mentors. 
We’re looking for MIT App Inventor Master Trainers and/or Mobile CSP teachers  to assist the mentors  and the middle-school and high-school students participating in the program. 
Your responsibilities will be to: 
Assist and advise the mentors  as they train, support and encourage a small group of seven or eight students as they develop App development skills and Machine Learning knowledge using the provided App Inventor curriculum. 
Help answer questions  that the mentors and/or the students may have about MIT App Inventor. You are  not  required to teach or present. 
Help the mentors guide the students  use their newly-acquired App Inventor skills to build a larger project to complete the program. 
Help the mentors unblock the students  when they are stuck by pointing them to resources, showing them how to debug code and/or giving them helpful hints to discover the answer on their own. 
The curricula for the program will be provided and if needed, you will be trained in the specific curriculum that will be used, which has AI extensions (PIC, Voice Calculator, FaceMesh, Conversational AI, etc.). 
The dates/times you would be needed are the following: 
( Optional ) Mentor Training: June 23 through 25 (App Inventor Basics) and 28 through July 1 (AI Extensions to App Inventor). About 2-3 hours each day during business hours Eastern time, TBD). 
( Required ) During the program from July 6 - August 13th, about 1-1.5 hours each weekday between 2:30 pm-5pm Eastern time. Exact hour TBD. 
Requirements for applicants 
You  must  be certified as an MIT App Inventor Master Trainer or have successfully taught the Mobile CSP course. Expertise in CS education or coding ability  without  previous expert-level MIT App Inventor knowledge is  insufficient  for this role. 
Current/recent experience with middle or high school STEM teaching is a plus; 
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. 
Benefits 
Work on exciting, challenging and incredibly rewarding work critical to the future of ethical AI 
Be an integral part of an impactful movement towards opportunity, equity and representation 
Valuable networking opportunities with industry leaders within enterprise, tech and academia 
Diverse minds building diverse technology is SureStart's mission. We would love to see a wide variety of candidates presenting their unique perspectives, experiences, and skills. We are an equal opportunity employer and highly value diversity. SureStart does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
 
 s16d9FcBys SureStart 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at SureStart in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from SureStart Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
