
 
 
 
 Integration Engineer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Integration Engineer Haptik Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Location: Remote, Vacancy - 1,Full-time 
 What we want to accomplish and why we need you? 
 
Haptik is one of the world's largest Conversational AI companies, having reached over 100 million devices, and processed over 2 billion conversations till date. Haptik has been at the forefront of the paradigm shift of interaction from clicks to conversations. We have built a robust set of technology and tools that can enable any kind of conversational application. With a 200 + member strong team, including some of the finest minds in Artificial Intelligence, Haptik is truly poised to lead the Conversational AI revolution. We are building bots for all sizes of enterprises, big and small - come and join us! 
 
We are a full-stack conversational AI company from building products to delivering bots for our clients. We are looking for an “Integration Engineer” to believe in this mission and to help develop high-quality chatbots for our clients. 
 
What will you do every day? 
 
As an Integration Engineer, you will be working in a fast-paced agile environment where you will use your knowledge of backend web technologies and combine them with your understanding of Haptik’s bot building tool to deliver awesome chatbots for our clients. You will be part of a talented team of Program Managers, Engineering Managers, QA Engineers, UX, and Content Specialists. 
 
Ok, you're sold, but what are we looking for in the perfect candidate? 
 Use Haptik platform tools and collaborate with the conversation design team to build conversational flows, both chat and voice-based, with amazing user experience 
 Be comfortable working with multiple integrations in parallel and clients to understand their requirements and implementation of APIs 
 Integrate and develop various different web-based APIs and system to build logic flows for chatbots 
 Maintain up-to-date knowledge of technology standards, industry trends, emerging technologies, and software development best practices 
 Participate in code reviews, automated and functional testing, and other aspects of our quality assurance process (including client validation) 
 Create professional technical documentations and present for internal and external use 
 Model database architecture for performance and scalability 
 Participate in a scrum-based, agile development team 
 Requirements* 
 Must have a Bachelor's or higher degree in computer engineering, IIT/NIT graduate preferred. 
 2-3 years of experience in developing and integrating scalable products 
 Good knowledge of python and Django framework 
 Must have modeled database schemas for large scale applications using MySQL, Mongo, etc 
 Knowledge of RabbitMQ, Redis, Elasticsearch, and Docker is a plus. 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
 Exceptional organizational skills and time management abilities 
 Must be a hustler and should have an entrepreneurial mindset 
 Should be comfortable working in a fast paced environment, habitual of quick turnaround and take ownership of the project in question 
 Bring a focused attitude to work with a strong attention to detail 
 
 Requirements is such a strong word. We don’t necessarily expect to find a candidate that has done everything listed, but you should be able to make a credible case that you’ve done most of it and are ready for the challenge of adding some new things to your resume. 
 
Tell me more about Haptik 
 On a roll: Announced major strategic partnership with Jio. 
 Great team: You will be working with great leaders who have been listed in Business World 40 Under 40, Forbes 30 Under 30 and MIT 35 Under 35 Innovators. 
 Great culture: The freedom to think and innovate is something that defines the culture of Haptik. Every person is approachable. While we are working hard, it is also important to take breaks to not get too worked up. 
 Huge market: Disrupting a massive, growing chatbot market. The global market is projected to attain a valuation of US $0.94 bn by the end of 2024 progressing from US $0.11 bn earned in 2015. 
 Great customers: Businesses across industries - Samsung, HDFCLife, Times of India are some that have relied on Haptik's Conversational AI solutions to engage, acquire, service and understand customers. 
 Impact: A fun and exciting start-up culture that empowers its people to make a huge impact. 
 
 Working hard for things that we don't care about is stress, but working hard for something we love is called passion! At Haptik we passionately solve problems in order to be able to move faster and don't shy away from breaking things! Haptik 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Integration Engineer jobs in Remote Jobs at Haptik in Remote Integration Engineer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Haptik Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
