
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Analyst - Chicago, IL 60661 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Analyst Marsh and McLennan 940 reviews Chicago, IL 60661 Remote Marsh and McLennan 940 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Marsh is the industry leader in helping companies create dynamic solutions that make a difference in the moments that matter. We are searching for a Machine Learning Analyst, based in Chicago, IL. This position can also be remote. 
Machine Learning Analyst 
What can you expect? 
In this position you will develop and implement statistical analyses and models using leading-edge techniques in machine learning, predictive modeling, and artificial intelligence within the commercial insurance and risk management space. This position consults with clients and colleagues on complex financial and statistical analyses, and develops approaches for new, market-leading analytical products and solutions. 
What is in it for you? 
Creating new solutions and enhancing existing solutions to the evolving needs of client’s insurance programs 
Competitive pay, generous benefits, employer matching and contribution to 401k 
Generous paid time off, sick time, volunteer day per year and company paid holidays 
We will count on you to: 
Gather, validate, and standardize structured and unstructured data from a variety of sources 
Research, develop, and support the implementation of predictive models to derive actionable insights from large, complex data sources 
Coordinate with technology partners to build and maintain systems necessary for the deployment of developed models and algorithms 
Perform ad-hoc special analysis in response to market events, new business needs or client demands 
Determine metrics to measure success of deployed solutions in creating and using insights for decision making. 
What you need to have: 
Bachelor’s Degree in a quantitative field, such as data science, statistics, mathematics or actuarial science; Master’s preferred 
2 - 5 years of experience developing statistical and machine learning models using modern tools and frameworks 
Strong analytical, problem solving, and critical thinking skills 
Ability to clearly and concisely communicate analyses to non-technical business partners 
Ability to develop strong internal/external client oriented solutions 
Knowledge of modern programming languages such as Python 
Experience working with SQL preferred but not required 
Familiarity with Insurance or Brokerage business preferred 
What makes you stand out? 
Experience working with SQL preferred but not required 
Familiarity with Insurance or Brokerage business preferred 
Marsh is the world’s leading insurance broker and risk adviser. With over 35,000 colleagues operating in more than 130 countries, Marsh serves commercial and individual clients with data driven risk solutions and advisory services. Marsh is a business of Marsh McLennan (NYSE: MMC), the leading global professional services firm in the areas of risk, strategy and people. With annual revenue approaching US $17 billion and 76,000 colleagues worldwide, MMC helps clients navigate an increasingly dynamic and complex environment through four market-leading businesses: Marsh, Guy Carpenter, Mercer, and Oliver Wyman. Follow Marsh on Twitter @MarshGlobal; LinkedIn; Facebook; and YouTube, or subscribe to  BRINK . 
Marsh McLennan offers competitive salaries and comprehensive benefits and programs including: health and welfare, tuition assistance, 401K, employee assistance program, domestic partnership benefits, career mobility, employee network groups, volunteer opportunities, and other programs. For more information about our company, please visit us at: http://www.mmc.com/. We embrace a culture that celebrates and promotes the many backgrounds, heritages and perspectives of our colleagues and clients. For more information, please visit us at: www.mmc.com/diversity. 
Marsh McLennan and its Affiliates are EOE Minority/Female/Disability/Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity employers. This role is not eligible to be performed remotely from Colorado. Marsh & McLennan Companies 18 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Chicago, IL Jobs at Marsh and McLennan in Chicago, IL Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Chicago, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Marsh and McLennan Marsh and McLennan 940 reviews Marsh & McLennan Companies operates through four subsidiaries. Marsh specializes in insurance broking and risk management; Mercer is a co... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
