
 
 
 
 Software Development Manager - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Development Manager Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Austin, TX Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 7+ years of relevant engineering experience 
 3+ years of people management experience, managing engineers 
 Experience in partnering with product and program management teams 
 
Austin is one of the major hubs for Prime Video Live Events engineering teams and we’re building a wide variety of services in Austin, TX, from low-latency, high-TPS services that control the life-cycle of live events and help customers discover live or upcoming games in Prime Video’s carousels, to a new Amazon-wide source of truth for rich, factual sports data, the Sport Data Platform.
 We are looking for a passionate and innovative Software Development Manager. In this role, you will lead a team to design and build new services for our Prime Video customers.
 
A day in the life
 Our Austin team is building a wide variety of services from low-latency, high-TPS services that control the lifecycle of live events and help customers discover live and upcoming games on a variety of devices including Alexa, to engaging customers on Prime Video content offline and through social-media platforms. If you’re a strong leader, there’s a home for you in Austin working on Prime Video Live Events. Our leaders are great teachers, our engineers are world-class, and our products are fun.
 
About the hiring group
 We are the Prime Video Live Events team, we revolutionize the way our customers search, discover and enjoy live events from sports, to music, to breaking news and political debates. In September 2018, we launched our first full-scale live streaming experience to all our world-wide Prime customers with NFL’s Thursday Night Football. In just a year, we delivered multi-game watching experience to our Prime Video customers in UK for English Premier League. That was just the start. We are expanding and looking for engineers to join our team in Austin, TX, to build innovative solutions to discover engaging and personalized live content to enjoy. This is a transformative opportunity, the chance to be at the vanguard of a program that will revolutionize Prime Video, and the live streaming experience for customers everywhere.
 
Job responsibilities
 We are looking for a highly talented Software Development Manager to help build fast, scalable, robust systems to crystalize and execute this vision. The successful candidate is expected to be a hands-on technical manager who understands and sets a high bar for all phases of the software development life-cycle, while hiring, coaching, developing and growing a team of engineers.
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 
 
 A Master's Degree in Computer Science 
 A history of working in startups and/or fast paced environments 
 Experience building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers at scale 
 Knowledge of software engineering practices & patterns for the full software/hardware/networks development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and maintaining operational efficiency 
 Ability to take projects from conception to launch 
 Experience in communicating with end users, technical & business teams and management to collect requirements, describe product features, and technical designs. 
 Background in full-stack development, distributed computing, service-oriented architectures and enterprise-scale systems. 
 Experience working with machine learning and artificial intelligence 
 Knowledge of Python 
 
 Amazon.com 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineering Manager jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Austin, TX Software Engineering Manager salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
