
 
 
 
 Senior Talent Acquisition Consultant (100% Remote) - New York, NY 10036 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Talent Acquisition Consultant (100% Remote) Marsh and McLennan 935 reviews New York, NY 10036 Remote Marsh and McLennan 935 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Temporary Full Job Description COMPANY DESCRIPTION 
Marsh provides risk management, risk consulting, insurance broking, alternative risk financing and insurance program management services to businesses, government entities, organizations and individuals around the world. Our team approach draws on dozens of industry and risk specialties within Marsh to customize solutions for each client. 
JOB DESCRIPTION 
Marsh & McLennan Companies is seeking candidates to work remote anywhere in the US: 
Senior   Talent Acquisition Consultant 
What can you expect? 
With over 65,000 colleagues around the globe in 130+ countries, our Talent Acquisition team is instrumental with hiring extraordinary people from all walks of life to help us make a difference for our clients, across our communities and the larger society that surrounds us. As a Talent Acquisition Consultant, you’ll partner with key stakeholders and colleagues to recruit top talent for the US region. 
What’s in it for you? 
A company with a strong Brand and strong results to match 
Build the workforce for one of America's Best Large Employers (named by Forbes two years in row) and Most Sustainable Companies (named by Barron’s 100) 
Represent an employer who is consistently ranked the industry leader in their fields 
Access to cutting edge recruiting tools i.e. artificial intelligence, video interviewing, CRM, etc. 
Culture where people are smart but kind, career mobility is nurtured, collaboration is dynamic, diversity is valued and inclusion is sincere 
Robust benefits package of competitive pay, medical/dental/vision insurance, tuition reimbursement, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and generous 401k benefits match as well as contribution and entitled to 25 days of vacation in full year 
We'll count on you to: 
Be a trusted talent advisor by building strong, consultative relationships with our internal customer base 
Provide full life cycle recruiting expertise for experienced hiring needs across multiple business groups 
Ensure positive candidate / hiring manager experience 
Balance strategic thinking with the ability to get things done within a rapidly changing work environment 
Improve performance metrics and data integrity for requisition reporting activity 
Develop and execute strategic and creative sourcing channels 
Build business cases and leverage data to influence change where appropriate 
Be the key point of contact for business and HR escalations with an ability to quickly action solutions 
What you need to have: 
Deep expertise recruiting in a corporate recruiting and/or search firm environment responsible for all aspects of the recruiting process from sourcing to closing the candidate 
Previous success in direct sourcing, cold-calling and identifying non-active qualified job seekers to hiring managers 
Excellent planning, organizational and facilitation skills with keen attention to detail 
Strong written and oral communication skills - excellent negotiation and closing skills 
Be detail-oriented, hands-on and results-driven with a positive attitude toward change and resilient under pressure to work in a challenging and energetic environment 
Client service focus with strong organizational and project management skills 
What makes you stand out: 
Insurance, HR Consulting or Professional Services Industry preferred 
LinkedIn Recruiter license and other networking/sourcing capability 
Will have established contacts/relationships in the marketplace for sourcing candidates 
Marsh & McLennan (NYSE: MMC) is the world's leading professional services firm in the areas of risk, strategy and people. The company's nearly 65,000 colleagues advise clients in over 130 countries. With annual revenue over $14 billion, Marsh & McLennan helps clients navigate an increasingly dynamic and complex environment through four market-leading firms. Marsh advises individual and commercial clients of all sizes on insurance broking and innovative risk management solutions. Guy Carpenter develops advanced risk; reinsurance and capital strategies that help clients grow profitably and pursue emerging opportunities. Mercer delivers advice and technology-driven solutions that help organizations meet the health, wealth and career needs of a changing workforce. Oliver Wyman serves as a critical strategic, economic and brand advisor to private sector and governmental clients. 
 
Marsh & McLennan Companies is also the parent company of Marsh, which advises individual and commercial clients of all sizes on insurance broking and innovative risk management solutions; Guy Carpenter, which develops advanced risk, reinsurance and capital strategies that help clients grow profitably and pursue emerging opportunities; and Oliver Wyman, which serves as a critical strategic, economic and brand advisor to private sector and governmental clients. 
Marsh & McLennan Companies offers competitive salaries and comprehensive benefits and programs including: health and welfare, tuition assistance, 401K, employee assistance program, domestic partnership benefits, career mobility, employee network groups, volunteer opportunities, and other programs. For more information about our company, please visit us at: http://www.mmc.com/. We embrace a culture that celebrates and promotes the many backgrounds, heritages and perspectives of our colleagues and clients. For more information, please visit us at: www.mmc.com/diversity. 
For more information, visit mmc.com, follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter @mmc_global Marsh & McLennan Companies 24 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Recruiter jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Marsh and McLennan in New York, NY Recruiter salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Marsh and McLennan Marsh and McLennan 935 reviews Marsh & McLennan Companies operates through four subsidiaries. Marsh specializes in insurance broking and risk management; Mercer is a co... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
