
 
 
 
 IT Support Technician - Remote US - Columbus, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search IT Support Technician - Remote US Seamless.AI 9 reviews Columbus, OH Remote Seamless.AI 9 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Opportunity 
As the IT Support Technician you will have the opportunity to be on the front lines of a fast growing start up company and provide world class support for a team of 200 Employees and counting. You will be directly responsible for day to day production support, maintenance of information technology processes & systems, network and wireless infrastructure, employee assets, accessories, webcams, monitors etc. 
PLEASE NOTE: We are currently accepting application in the following states: Ohio, Florida, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Texas. 
 Responsibilities: 
Communicate via slack, screenshare, and phone to troubleshoot and resolve any and all tickets that are submitted. 
Provision new hires weekly; ensuring their accounts and access are set up correctly. 
Monitor the environment in a proactive manner, checking for potential issues and gaps that could cause disruption for our users. 
Provide technical support for various web based applications our teams use and rely on. 
Maintain various IT systems such as Identity Management and Device Management to ensure they’re constantly updated and maintained. 
Assist with rolling out or sunsetting applications into the environment. 
Doing everything to ensure the success of the internal teams by confirming they have what they need and that technology isn’t slowing them down. 
 2+ years experience providing technical support functions in at least a medium sized remote atmosphere. Both 1st & 2nd Level support experience is preferred. 
Proficient working within SLA’s and ticket management systems as well as understanding the general workflow of tickets. Jira Service Management experience is a plus 
Competency with Google Workspace, JumpCloud, Jira Service Management (or similar), and ability to quickly learn new sales, hr, recruiting, and office technologies such as but not limited to: Rippling, Lever, Salesforce, Outreach, You Can Book Me, etc 
Current and in-depth knowledge of network architecture, active directory, and antivirus software as well as identity management systems. 
Strong ability to remote manage in a 100% remote environment in order to: troubleshoot basic to complex issues, perform installations using deployment tools, scripts, or other industry approved methods on both Windows and Mac operating systems. 
Able to prioritize and effectively manage multiple tasks simultaneously with precision. 
Able to solve problems efficiently and effectively using all available resources. 
Detail-oriented, strong organizational, technical, and analytical skills. 
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, both written and verbal; able to work collaboratively with a team while keeping customer experience in the forefront. 
Seamless.AI has been delivering the world's best sales leads since 2015. Our product is the first real time, B2B search engine helping sales teams maximize revenue, increase sales, and easily acquire their total addressable market using artificial intelligence. We have been recognized as one of Ohio’s fastest growing companies and won 2020 Best Places to Work and LinkedIn’s Top 50 Tech Startups 2020. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Visa Sponsorship is not included in our hiring package. Applicants will need to be authorized to work in the U.S. Seamless.AI 3 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job IT Support jobs in Columbus, OH Jobs at Seamless.AI in Columbus, OH IT Support salaries in Columbus, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Seamless.AI Seamless.AI 9 reviews Seamless.AI is an emerging tech startup that helps B2B companies research, prospect, connect and close new deals - faster and easier than... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
