
 
 
 
 Program Manager - Bellevue, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Program Manager Microsoft 7,121 reviews Bellevue, WA Microsoft 7,121 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft Bing team is responsible for delivering the highest-quality search experience to 500M+ monthly active users around the world in Microsoft. Beyond our first-party product, other search engines such as Yahoo, DuckDuckGo, Ecosia, and even new startups like Neeva depend on us as well. Within all of these experiences users need to be safe. This is where the Defensive Search Initiative comes in. 
On the broader internet misinformation, hateful, and otherwise unsafe content are continually being created. Our goal is to apply the recent major advances in the fields of deep learning and natural language processing to combat these problems. 
We are a diverse team of passionate engineers, scientists, and program managers who want to make the world smarter, more productive, and more equitable. We believe great products are built by inclusive teams of customer-obsessed individuals who trust each other and work closely together. We collaborate regularly across the company both to find the technology breakthroughs from groups like Microsoft Research and to infuse AI into the rest of Microsoft products like Office and Azure. 
If you want to apply cutting edge artificial intelligence, and data mining to help hundreds of millions of search users find the trustworthy information they need and to take on a problem with real societal impact, this is the team you’re looking for! 
Responsibilities 
The Bing team is looking for a Technical Program Manager to broader our efforts to analyze online content-based threats like misinformation, to cross reference this with other information, and to drive both short and long-term product improvements. 
In this role, you will use qualitative (customer feedback, user research, external data sets) and quantitative (data analysis) to assess both existing and emerging content-based threats. You will continuously learn about state-of-the-art machine learning and information retrieval. You will work closely with engineers, scientists, and operations teams to advance the organizations understanding of the threat landscape and to drive improvements. 
With a strong understanding of the problems, you will drive immediate operational initiatives as well as craft a roadmap for long term success. This will include: 
Defining individual project goals and success metrics 
Building and delivering threat assessments which articulate the problem to others 
Navigating a complex landscape with sometimes conflicting principles 
Providing requirements to backend platform, front end UX, and operations teams. 
Communicating risks and progress to project stakeholders including executives. 
Prototyping and data mining the web using AI toolkits 
Lastly, you will have opportunities to represent your team’s work, both internally to other product teams, and externally to the search and academic communities, in partnership with PR and marketing. 
Qualifications 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 28 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Program Manager jobs in Bellevue, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Bellevue, WA Program Manager salaries in Bellevue, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,121 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
