
 
 
 
 Business Intelligence Data Analyst - Mesa, AZ 85210 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Intelligence Data Analyst Empire Cat 78 reviews Mesa, AZ 85210 Empire Cat 78 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Business Intelligence Data Analyst will function as the reporting and analytical specialist for Empire’s assigned operational team. Directly responsible for providing data, data visualization, reports, presentations, statistical analysis and recommendations to support decisions and to achieve client expectations. Maintain an in-depth understanding of Caterpillar and Empire’s business data systems. Utilize data extraction resources, advanced query skills, development of user views, and user documentation to aid in implementing sustainable processes. 
 
Essential Functions 
 Research, extract, verify, analyze, and produce data relating to Empire’s assigned operational team and external clients. 
 Develop and maintain operations databases, dashboard, reports, and metrics for assigned operational team, which can include validating data accuracy and integrity, identifying, and researching problematic areas and advising department leaders on necessary changes and updates. 
 Develop and maintain analysis tools and dashboards for use by the operational team that combines the use of data and statistical analysis with advanced modeling and visualization. 
 Develop and maintain complex models for predictive analysis of business needs using various data bases.
 Develop metrics to measure effectiveness and efficiency of business decisions to ensure expected results are achieved. 
 Provide support in development of other analysis as directed by the leadership. 
 Act as a liaison between the assigned operational team and Information Systems. 
 Cooperate with personnel in other work centers to build high levels of cross-departmental teamwork and support. 
 Comply with all company policies, procedures, and standards. Work safely at all times and adhere to all applicable safety policies.
 Additional Responsibilities 
 Achieve a high level of client satisfaction. 
 Provide technical support as needed to assigned personnel and support resources.
 Provide current and future process maps for all areas of responsibility. 
 Train users and ensure data entry and processes are operationally consistent for reliable data retrieval. 
 Document and communicate issues that may impact client satisfaction and raise awareness of market conditions. 
 Perform other related duties as may be required. 
 Work within and promote corporate values. 
 Additional Level Requirements 
 Knowledge Skills and Abilities 
 Proficient in SQL, VBA, Data Visualization (Power BI, Tableau, etc.) and statistical analysis. 
 Must be detail oriented and skilled in constructing and analyzing complex data, models and forecasting from multiple data sources. 
 Must be able to document the process and procedures on the analysis and tools used for other owners and users. 
 Must have general business acumen that provides the ability to analyze and solve complex business issues. 
 Must have or be able to gain an understanding of Empire’s various business systems and how to extract data and information. 
 Must have excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to multi-task effectively with minimal supervision. 
 Must be a self-motivated, self-starter, work well in groups and demonstrate excellent client service. 
 Must have knowledge and experience in process improvement methodologies and/or project management. 
 Must have acceptable attendance to meet all company standards and requirements. 
 Education and Experience 
 Required Bachelor’s degree in Business Data Analytics, Engineering, Mathematics, or equivalent experience. 
 Minimum of four years’ experience in data analysis, data mining and model building. 
 Advanced user of MS Office Suite. 
 Experience with implementing artificial intelligence and machine learning is a plus. 
 Experience in Caterpillar and/or Dealer Parts Operations is a plus. 
 Must be able to communicate (speak, read, comprehend, write) in English. 
 Physical Demands 
 While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and use hands. 
 The employee frequently is required to talk and hear. 
 The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk, reach, and bend. 
 The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 lbs. 
 The vision requirements of this position are ability to adjust focus and close vision. 
 Work Environment 
 While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly exposed to indoor conditions. 
 The employee is occasionally exposed to wet, heat, cold and outdoor conditions.
 The noise level in the work environment is quiet. 
 Disclaimer 
 
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified. The roles and objectives of this job do not include setting corporate policy and does not constitute a managing agent of the company. Empire Cat 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Analyst jobs in Mesa, AZ Jobs at Empire Cat in Mesa, AZ Business Intelligence Analyst salaries in Mesa, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Empire Cat Empire Cat 78 reviews Empire Southwest is an authorized Cat® dealer for heavy equipment and power systems  throughout Arizona and Southeastern California. In a... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
