
 
 
 
 Senior Business Development Executive - Orlando, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Business Development Executive Vantagepoint ai, LLC Orlando, FL Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Senior Business Development Executives: Looking for the best sales career? VantagePoint ai is where six figure potential meets six figure pay. 
While many industries are struggling to adapt to current economic conditions, our organization is hitting all time sales records and growing at a rapid pace! Vantagepoint ai offers a career in an industry that will continue to grow and thrive regardless of the economy. We sell artificial intelligence to traders in the financial markets. Wall Street is not going away and neither is artificial intelligence. If you want to position yourself in an industry and with a company that offers longevity, VantagePoint ai might be what you have always looked for but never found. 
This is a Legitimate $100K+ Opportunity 
First year Senior Business Development Executives that are good can make north of $80K really good ones can make 6 figures the 1st year. The tenured part of the sales team (+1year) exceeded $120k last year. If you are a skilled closer, fast learner and hard worker, you could be the next six figure earner on our team of high-flying Senior Business Development Executives, enjoying a  Real Base Salary,  great work life balance, incredible benefits, all in a positive, extremely rewarding environment. Vantagepoint ai has been voted Best Places to Work nationally including by Forbes Magazine, as well as Best Places to Work in Tampa Bay 11 times! 
Sell Something That Makes a Difference 
Vantagepoint ai holds two US patents on the technology and continues to develop innovative, highly accurate predictive artificial intelligence software that helps traders make more money. The stock market isn’t going anywhere, and neither is artificial intelligence. 
What about your career? 
 
 
 Learn more about our software at  www.vantagepointsoftware.com 
If you want a stable career as a Senior Business Development Executive, this is your opportunity! Take the first step and apply now! 
Outstanding Benefits and Perks: 
Generous Base Salary 
Un-Capped Commissions Paid Monthly 
100% Paid Employee Healthcare and Dental 
Paid Training and continual coaching to promote your success 
Career Advancement 
Job Security 
Complimentary Meals to Show our Appreciation 
Social Events and Trips Including Families throughout the Year 
Sales Contest and Spiffs to Earn Cash and Prizes 
Comfortable Business Casual Dress 
No nights or weekends 
Learn more about our culture at  www.FindTampaJobs.com . 
 PM18 Vantagepoint ai, LLC 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Development Executive jobs in Orlando, FL Jobs at Vantagepoint ai in Orlando, FL Business Development Executive salaries in Orlando, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Vantagepoint ai, LLC Founded in 1979 by Louis B. Mendelsohn, a prominent technical analyst and trading software pioneer, Vantagepoint ai was the first trading... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
