
 
 
 
 Corporate Strategy Director - Santa Clara, CA 95052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Corporate Strategy Director Intel 5,431 reviews Santa Clara, CA 95052 Intel 5,431 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
At Intel, we are innovating the future. We create world-changing technology that enables global progress and enriches the lives of every person on earth. 
Today, we stand at the brink of several technology disruptions - driven by four key "superpowers": cloud, mobility fueled by 5G, artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning and the intelligent edge. Intel is at the heart of these disruptions defining the art of possible. 
Corporate Strategy Office (CSO) at Intel defines, develops, and leads implementation of high-impact strategies to harness the power of these industry-shaping disruptions and to transform Intel into a data-centric company. Portfolio Management team in CSO org plays a critical role to assess the incubation, transformation, productivity and performance investments across Intel. In addition, we lead special initiatives where we develop fact-based models to inform, validate and articulate potential new strategic portfolio moves to achieve Intel's growth aspirations of 100Bn+ UDS. 
We are looking for a rigorous and structured thinker who understands the requirements of a complex and high-growth business, can map what we know and don't know, bring research and data-driven insights to fill the gaps and synthesize findings into actionable insights. The ideal candidate possesses a compelling blend of business insight, business strategy experience, big-picture thinking, influencing skills, and ability to collaborate with a large number of internal and external partners. 
 
As a Corporate Portfolio Strategy Director / Sr. Manager, you will 
Help us define the future of Intel Develop frameworks, tools, and analytics that support a sustainable, and actionable portfolio management system informed by external data, benchmarking, and insights and help us make the right investment decisions. 
Think big Free yourself from today's constraints and market environment. Define and lead disruptive moves in collaboration with Corporate Finance, Business Units, CSO MnA team, Intel Capital, and various other internal/external stakeholders. 
Be creative Explore highly complex problems, collaborate with internal and external subject-matter-experts, conduct strategic analyses of growth opportunities including market sizing, customer, competitive, product and technology trends, and articulate required organic and inorganic options. 
Be an inspirational team leader Lead a team of analysts and serve as a role model to create an inclusive, high-performing team. 
Evangelize and communicate persuasively Create concepts, frameworks, recommendations that are impossible to ignore. Communicate effectively to the executive management and the board through data and customer-backed insights. 
Qualifications 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Innovative and structured thinker, adept at understanding, integrating and applying key ecosystem insights and considerations into robust portfolio management process 
Combination of technical background, business and market acumen, organization savvy, networking capabilities and bias toward execution to yield a decision/outcome 
Desire to operate at the intersection of technology and business, experience with spearheading organizational, operational, and technological change at fast-growth businesses 
Knowledge of semiconductors, software and technology landscape and ecosystem 
Exemplary skill in peer influencing, indirect leadership, and cross-group collaboration skills; ability to work seamlessly with colleagues at multiple levels in the organization. 
Senior level experience in all areas of strategy development, including project management, business analysis, problem solving, consensus building, executive communication, and people development 
Eagerness to learn and curiosity about what comes next for biggest business impact; passionately engages and works cross-functionally to get things done 
Basic Qualifications: 
Bachelor's degree in Business, Science or Engineering from a leading institution is required. MBA from a top graduate program highly preferred. 
5+ years of experience in corporate strategy, management consulting, product management, corporate development, finance, or equivalent experience 
12+ years of total professional business experience 
5+ years of people management or large-scale project management experience 
Inside this Business Group 
The Corporate Strategy Office is chartered to support the executive office in driving corporate initiatives, including near and long-term strategy, major cross-group decision making and ensuring cross-company alignment. To deliver to that mission, the team owns shaping, driving and synthesizing insights to directionally orient trends as well as long range strategic planning/visioning , cross company alignment and greenfield innovation. Communications are essential to drive alignment so there is a focus on communications, community and acumen development. The team is ccommitted to ensuring that Intel efforts are aligned to, and actively driving success toward the most impactful business strategies. 
Other Locations 
 
Virtual US and Canada 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. 
Position of Trust 
 
This role is a Position of Trust. Should you accept this position, you must consent to and pass an extended Background Investigation, which includes (subject to country law), extended education, SEC sanctions, and additional criminal and civil checks. For internals, this investigation may or may not be completed prior to starting the position. For additional questions, please contact your Recruiter.... 
Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in US, Colorado: 
$146,140.00-$255,950.00 
Benefits: 
We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock, bonuses, and benefit programs. Find more information about our Amazing Benefits here Intel 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Strategy jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at Intel in Santa Clara, CA Director of Strategy salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,431 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
