
 
 
 
 VP, Engineering - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VP, Engineering Kindred San Francisco, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At Kindred, we are on a mission to build human-like intelligence in machines. 
 
 Since 2014, we've been paving the way for a world filled with more powerful and helpful AI systems. We bring together reinforcement learning, machine learning, and remote human guidance to create intelligent robots that solve real-world problems alongside humans in complex, changing environments like today's supply chain. 
The Vice President of Engineering manages and directs the engineering group at Kindred AI, an Ocado-powered company, which consists of geographically disparate machine learning, robotics, software platform engineering, and AI research teams. The priorities for this position include strategic planning, technology product design, quality assurance and managing cross-team collaboration. 
Reporting to the Chief of Advanced Technology of Ocado Technology, the VP of Engineering will work closely with the leadership team to continue advancing the technology and engineering strategy and execution while shaping, developing and leading a world-class development organization. 
The VP of Engineering leads and inspires a team which will grow to be approximately 100 people across offices in San Francisco and Toronto to deliver against a product roadmap that positions the company as a branch of Ocado Group for continued growth. Working within a rapidly changing environment, this results-driven executive will have the opportunity to advance the existing products and own the technology direction. 
The engineering team is the cornerstone to execution of strategic and tactical plans and bringing “out of the box” innovative and creative ideas from concept to new product development. It is critical this person has the intellectual horsepower, passionate personality, collaborative spirit and dynamic work ethic that define the core of Kindred and leadership team. 
 Responsibilities:
 Accountability for the entire engineering function while collaborating closely with all product groups to achieve product excellence. 
Introduce processes that support faster time-to-market and increased production velocity 
Improve product and code quality to minimize measures of live flaws. 
Run regular post mortems and Scrum retrospectives that drive continuous learning and improvement 
Support strategy development by assessing current and innovative ideas, evaluating risk/reward, and determining the scope and scale of work required to achieve product goals. 
Create and evolve an Engineering plan that supports Kindred AI’s business objectives, considering technical capabilities, cost constraints, growth plans and geographic footprint. 
Maintain a strong grasp of industry trends, cutting edge technology and marketplace changes to ensure the Company remains in a leading position about its competitors. 
Utilize research, technology and product partnerships to access innovation, enhance capabilities and control cost effectively. 
Author and manage the Engineering budget in collaboration with the CEO and executive team. 
 Execution 
Manage the Engineering organization including both internal employees and external consultants. 
Establish, hire, train and develop the internal Engineering team. 
Represent the engineering team and the technology itself in Executive level leadership meetings as well as meetings of the board. 
Drive continuous improvements in cost, yield, quality, and time to market. Create engineering process where needed to improve outcomes and move towards six-sigma levels of quality. 
Monitor employee performance including the management of Key Performance Indicators; develop employees through coaching, mentoring and the provision of developmental opportunities and growth. 
 Communications and Decision Making 
Serve as a catalyst in bringing together innovative ideas and creative processes to executive a technical vision; foster innovation and sharing of best practices with other cross-functional groups while creating an environment of continuous improvement. 
Ensure productive collaboration between disparate technology teams across offices (machine learning, robotics, and software). 
Act as a partner to Product (and our customers) to ensure requirements come into Engineering in an actionable manner. 
Maintain a level of confidence that results in decision making to drive the process and delivery forward 
Achieve an elevated level of trust from the customers. Work closely with potential customers to validate product specifications and collaboratively develop products that meet or exceed specifications. 
Work with the Account Management, Marketing, and Product Management function to oversee translation of product direction into plans to develop and deliver high-quality products on time and within budget. 
Collaborate with Manufacturing, Marketing and Sales functions to ensure successful new product introductions and with the Service/Support function to respond to product quality issues. 
 Technical requirements: 
15+ years of progressive experience in engineering, including at least 5 years as a senior technical leader managing a team of at least 10 people. 
Strong technical background, specifically with software development and one or more of the following: artificial intelligence, machine learning, deep learning, sensors, and/or robotics. 
Possess the hands-on technical skills necessary to establish credibility with internal teams and senior leadership, as well as with customers’ R&D organizations. Must be a “role up the sleeves” operator. 
Proven track record of successfully delivering projects on-time / on-budget and driving best practices. 
Exhibits knowledge of and experience having successfully employed processes and methodologies to ensure the timely delivery of projects; knows how to employ process and incorporate metrics by which progress against plan can be measured, accountability can be established, and greater predictability and repeatability can be realized. 
Knowledge of product management, customer marketing, strategic partnerships and acquisitions. 
Experience with leading an engineering team in a hyper-growth-oriented, entrepreneurial environment where management of complex product requirements is a critical driver of success. 
 Personal and/or Leadership Attributes: 
Demonstrated leadership experience setting vision and building, leading and motivating engineering teams; leads by example with creativity, strategic thinking and innovation. 
A great “communicator”. Must be articulate, open, and direct. Possesses strong executive presence with positive interactions across all levels of management, staff and with external customers and stakeholders. 
Proven ability to create and manage an accountability-based-culture: lead, motivate and develop a highly technical and talented engineering organization. 
Comfortable in a low-ego, entrepreneurial, change-oriented and ambiguous environment. 
Ability to interpret technology and market trends as a foundation for technology and product roadmaps. 
Demonstrated experience managing geographically disparate technology teams. 
Willingness and ability to travel between San Francisco and Toronto offices. 
 Education
 An undergraduate degree in engineering or other relevant technical field is preferred for this position. 
A post-graduate degree in a technical area or in business (such as an MBA) preferred. Kindred 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President of Engineering jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Kindred in San Francisco, CA Vice President of Engineering salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Kindred Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
