
 
 
 
 Technical Program Manager - San Francisco Bay Area, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Program Manager Parallel Domain San Francisco Bay Area, CA Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At Parallel Domain, we believe that autonomous systems – from self-driving cars to contactless delivery drones – have the opportunity to drastically improve the quality of life for billions of people. That is why we love what we do: enabling our customers to develop their technology safely using the Parallel Domain data generation platform. Our platform revolutionizes the way our customers generate sensor data for AI development. We're looking for people like you to join us in pushing the boundaries of artificial intelligence and synthetic data. 
 
 We ship data, APIs , visualizers and more to help machine learning, perception and simulation teams accelerate the deployment of their autonomy stack. Ideally, we are looking for someone with a technical background (machine Learning / computer vision / graphics) with experience delivering complex software engineering projects. This role will work closely with engineering , content and sales to and build and manage internal processes to ensure that we are shipping on time and within scope 
This is an exciting time to join our team as we look to scale our offerings to help power computer vision applications. This position could be based out of our San Francisco Bay Area or Vancouver offices, with remote work options available. 
 IN THIS ROLE, YOU WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR.... 
Running our Sprint Rituals:  Create processes so we run high energy scrum processes (daily standup, sprint planning, sprint reviews, retros etc..) 
 
 Project Management:  Define projects, collect requirements, develop detailed implementation plans, maintain alignment, and monitor status across multiple activities to reduce or remove dependencies 
Delivery:  Establish and maintain our internal processes to perform QA, testing and triage. Work closely with our field team to ensure successful customer by creating release notes and other technical documentation
 QUALIFICATIONS 
You have a track record of providing program management support during all phases of software development. 
You have strong written and verbal communication skills, building strong relationships with stakeholders and teams around the organization. 
You are proficient with the intricacies of the Atlassian suite (jira, confluence), creating and deploying workflows to improve internal communications. 
You have demonstrated the ability to build and maintain internal process to deliver successful projects 
You have a strong technical background with working knowledge of Python, C++ and machine learning fundamentals Parallel Domain 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Program Manager jobs in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Jobs at Parallel Domain in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Technical Program Manager salaries in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Parallel Domain Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
