
 
 
 
 Microstrategy Developer - Top Secret Clearance Required - Washington, DC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Microstrategy Developer - Top Secret Clearance Required Deloitte 10,102 reviews Washington, DC Deloitte 10,102 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence by tapping into the power of data analytics, robotics, and cognitive technologies such as Artificial Intelligence (AI). Our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients leverage rigorous analytical capabilities and a pragmatic mindset to solve the most complex of problems. By joining our team, you will play a key role in helping to our clients uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data and transforming the Government and Public Services marketplace.
 Work you'll do
 This Microstrategy Developer will design and develop enterprise dashboards on an agile, cross-functional team. They will provide advanced analytics capabilities as part of their core business modernization effort. Analytics would include providing users with dynamic reporting capability that allow examiners to efficiently and effectively review pertinent areas of interest. The team member would support the full lifecycle of the analytics effort, from Discovery and Visioning, through development and eventual testing and roll-out.
 The team
 Deloitte's Government and Public Services (GPS) practice - our people, ideas, technology and outcomes-is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of over 15,000+ professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise.
 The GPS Analytics and Cognitive (A&C) offering is responsible for developing advanced analytics products and applying data visualization and statistical programming tools to enterprise data in order to advance and enable the key mission outcomes for our clients. Our team supports all phases of analytic work product development, from the identification of key business questions through data collection and ETL, and from performing analyses and using a wide range of statistical, machine learning, and applied mathematical techniques to delivery insights to decision-makers. Our practitioners give special attention to the interplay between data and the business processes that produce it and the decision-makers that consume insights.
 Qualifications
 Required: 
 
 Bachelor's degree require
 Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future
 Active Top Secret security clearance required
 2+ years of relevant consulting or industry experience
 2 + years experience designing and building MicroStrategy objects, reports, and dashboards.
 
Preferred:
 Active Microstrategy Certification
 Experience with Visual Insight, Data Upload, Distribution Services, and/or Security. 
Prior professional services or federal consulting experience 
Knowledge of data mining, machine learning, data visualization and statistical modeling
 
How you'll grow
 At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there's always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Deloitte 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Developer jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at Deloitte in Washington, DC Developer salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Deloitte Deloitte 10,102 reviews We’re a leading professional services firm, but what makes working at Deloitte unique? When you join us, you become connected. To inspiri... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
