
 
 
 
 Manufacturing Assembly Technician - San Francisco, CA 94103 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manufacturing Assembly Technician Lambda 17 reviews San Francisco, CA 94103 Lambda 17 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Lambda's mission is to accelerate human progress with computation. We're profitable and growing 50% each quarter. Our Deep Learning workstations, servers, and cloud services power ML engineers at the forefront of AI research, fueling advancements in quantum computing, cancer detection, autonomous aircraft, drug discovery, self driving cars, and much more.
 
Lambda provides Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning infrastructure to organizations like Apple, Intel, Microsoft, Amazon Research, Tencent, Kaiser Permanente, MIT, Harvard, Stanford, Caltech and the Department of Defense.
 
About the Role
 
Work at a startup and surround yourself with Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence experts building powerful research computers.
 
Lambda is looking for a server manufacturing technician to help build and ship our computer products to our customers globally.
 What You'll Do
 
Computer and Server assembly (Motherboard, CPU, Memory, GPU and Drives)
 
Software installation (Automated command line tool operation)
 
Testing
 
Experience that's great to have
 
Excellent track record of working in a computer manufacturing or similar role
 
Server manufacturing experience (hardware integration i.e. CPU and other hardware components)
 
Capable of performing mechanical and electrical assembly including cable routing and wiring
 
Adaptable and flexible to changes as needed
 
Organized and detail-oriented
 
Reliable colleague with dependable work ethic
 
Team player
 
Great verbal and written communication skills
 
Nice to Have
 
Excels at troubleshooting computer and electro-mechanical systems including use of testing equipment and tools
 
Computer skills and networking / IT knowledge, Linux and command line interface knowledge desirable
 
Ability to read and interpret diagrams
 
Familiarity with manufacturing quality systems
 
Quick Company Highlights
 
Our research papers have been accepted into the top machine learning and graphics conferences, including ICCV, SIGGRAPH Asia, NeurIPS, and ACM Transactions on Graphics (TOG).
 
We are profitable and have tripled over the past year.
 
We're backed by investors including Gradient Ventures, Google's AI-focused venture fund.
 
Headquartered in the Dogpatch and a short walk from the 22nd Street Caltrain station in SF.
 
Our Benefits
 
Generous cash & equity compensation
 
Health, vision, and dental coverage for you and your dependents
 
401k Plan
 
3 Weeks Paid Time Off
 
Commuter benefits
 
Daily catered lunch
 
Equal Opportunity Employer
 
Lambda Labs is an Equal Opportunity employer. Applicants are considered without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, age, sex, gender, marital status, sexual orientation and identity, genetic information, veteran status, citizenship, or any other factors prohibited by local, state, or federal law. Lambda 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assembly Technician jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Lambda in San Francisco, CA Assembly Technician salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lambda Lambda 17 reviews Lambda is the official English student newspaper at Laurentian University in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
