
 
 
 
 Product Manager, Revenue and Settlements - San Francisco, CA 94103 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Manager, Revenue and Settlements Uber 2,924 reviews San Francisco, CA 94103 Uber 2,924 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. About the Role 
We are looking for a Product Manager within Revenue Products to build financial platforms which are truly world class. This role will be responsible for owning and crafting Uber's financial infrastructure supporting revenue accounting, settlement reconciliation, billing and invoicing, and revenue analytics. As a part of a distributed team with presence in multiple locations and supporting Uber businesses in 650+ cities. You will create platforms to automate key revenue processes, optimize financial close activities, onboard new businesses and markets onto Uber financial systems, and enable visibility into financials in near real-time. Your performance is measured by the impact of the products you launch and by your ability to lead and inspire a high-performing cross-functional team that includes Product, Engineering, Data, Finance, Design, Marketing, and Operations. 
What the Candidate will do: 
Experience managing day-to-day technical and design direction. 
Experience in one or more of the following: Cloud infrastructure, software as a service, big data, security and privacy, development and operations, or artificial intelligence/machine learning. 
Knowledge of multiple functional areas such as Product Management, Engineering, UX/UI, Sales, Customer Support, Finance or Accounting. 
Ability to influence multiple partners without direct authority. 
Work with Uber lines of business leadership and Finance leaders to understand the vision of their businesses and products and build a systems strategy on how to enable their revenue and billing needs 
Provide strategic and operational direction to a talented team of Business Systems Analysts, and Application Engineers 
Define and execute a strategy for an end to end revenue systems that provides "one stop shopping" for Finance and new lines of business 
Evaluate and own decisions between buying and building products in the Revenue space 
Lead large cross-functional teams to deliver large scale projects from inception to deployment, including influencing and selling on the product vision 
Master a deep understanding of revenue, billing, and invoicing processes and data flows in order to communicate, assess, prioritize with partners 
Execute a large portfolio of projects supporting multiple products and partners 
Ensure financial systems in scope are designed and developed with appropriate automated controls for SOX compliance, regulatory tax compliance, segregation of duties, access controls. 
Understanding of distributed systems, stream processing, data modeling, APIs 
Basic Qualifications: 
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering or equivalent; 
6+ years of experience in building, scaling, and delivering highly successful and innovative financial systems 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience in Revenue Accounting, Billing, Accounts Receivables 
Experience with global public companies strongly preferred 
Strong technical acumen and a deep understanding of Finance processes, in particular in the revenue, billing and invoicing domain. 
Expertise in Financial Systems and products for revenue management 
Proven track record of hiring, building out and training teams of Product Managers, Business Analysts to deliver high quality products 
Proven capability in delivering financial systems end to end; building out a strategy from inception all the way to requirements, design, build and post production support 
Global experience is a plus 
At Uber, we ignite opportunity by setting the world in motion. We take on big problems to help drivers, riders, delivery partners, and eaters get moving in more than 600 cities around the world. 
We welcome people from all backgrounds who seek the opportunity to help build a future where everyone and everything can move independently. If you have a curiosity, passion and collaborative spirit, work with us, and let's move the world forward, together. 
Uber is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. 
If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing the form. 
At Uber, we ignite opportunity by setting the world in motion. We take on big problems to help drivers, riders, delivery partners, and eaters get moving in more than 10,000 cities around the world. 
We welcome people from all backgrounds who seek the opportunity to help build a future where everyone and everything can move independently. If you have the curiosity, passion, and collaborative spirit, work with us, and let's move the world forward, together. 
Uber is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing the form. Uber 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Manager jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Uber in San Francisco, CA Product Manager salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Uber Uber 2,924 reviews At Uber, we ignite opportunity by setting the world in motion. We take on big problems to help drivers, riders, delivery partners, and ea... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
