
 
 
 
 VP, Operational Intelligence - Greenwood Village, CO 80111 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VP, Operational Intelligence Spectrum 15,219 reviews Greenwood Village, CO 80111 Spectrum 15,219 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOB SCOPE 
 
The VP, Operational Intelligence provides leadership for the development, planning and execution of a go-forward strategy for Network Operations mission critical systems and tools ecosystem, with a focus on enabling the cost effective deployment of innovation, improving service availability, enabling efficacy across teams, driving accountability and metrics, and integrating acquisitions. This includes ensuring all groups in Network Operations understand and are executing on the vision as well as sharing those requirements with key development organizations whether internal or external. This leader must work across all functional areas to ensure that the strategy supports and integrates with the broader ecosystem of business areas such as IT, Customer Care, Field Operations, and Engineering.
 
 
This function blends the role of continuously evolving Network Operations strategy to align with Charter’s objectives with the actions needed to realize it. As part of the strategic planning process, the leader will forge and leverage strong working relationships across both the company as well as the vendor community. This position needs to draw upon extensive and broad acumen spanning areas such as financial, people, technical, systems, communication, and process to lead and partner with key executives across the company. The function will continue developing and honing strategic plans as well as directing and overseeing the on-going execution from a Network Operations perspective of the strategic roadmap across Charter and the vendor community. This leader is directly accountable for delivering value from the resources of across Network Operations organization and is responsible on a regular basis to review and update the strategic plan for new technologies and services offered by Network Operations. 
 
 DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
Actively and consistently supports all efforts to simplify and enhance the customer experience. 
Responsible for the development, leadership, and execution of Network Operation’s systems strategy with a focus on enabling flawless deployment of innovation, automation, improving service availability and metrics, and integrating business and acquisitions. 
Develop, deploy, and leverage Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) to continuously improve Network Operations. 
Proactively identify and engage key leaders across functions, processes, technologies, and organizations to create shared accountability and alignment for developing, tuning, and realizing the strategy. 
Integrate consumer innovation, financials, communications, and merger activity. 
Connect Network Operations strategy with Charter’s broad direction and initiatives and to key customer centered goals, KPIs, accountabilities and deliverables; ensure employees understand and support the broad vision and underlying details.
 Focus internal and external constituents on realizing innovation in the next generation of operational and business systems that are required to drive efficacy across a fast-paced business. 
Direct the implementation of existing and new technologies as developed by Engineering, Information Technology, and external suppliers, improving efficiency and time-to-market for innovation, services, and platforms. 
Realize improvement across alarm, event, incident, problem, and managements processes; integrate and leverage next generation proactive analytics with machine and customer data; create actionable metrics at the service, organization, and functional level enabling efficacy and accountability; enable rapid deployment of customer-valued services. 
Provide Senior Advisory support across Network Operation’s leadership team, including strategic guidance and technical assistance on the ecosystem (platform, service, people, systems, innovation, and processes). 
Evaluate Charter’s rapidly evolving strategies, services, and business direction in order to identify, tune, and develop strategy and direction. 
Participate in creating budgets, realize committed savings, and approve expenditures that support the multi-million dollar capital/operational plan. Assist with the stewardship of budgets by assisting in the negotiations of contracts and terms with third party vendors. 
Participate in the development of operational standards, policies, processes, and the master plans for systems across Network Operations. 
Direct activities in support of the strategy required to ensure timely and accurate delivery of commitments. 
Lead the development and oversight of business plans needed to realize the strategy; assist with the hiring and retention of key resources.
 BASIC / MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
 Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Information Systems, or other related field and / or equivalent work experience 
Minimum twelve (12) years of IT work experience 
Minimum ten (10) years of leadership experience 
Minimum ten (10) years of managing provisioning, activation and DNS functions, such as: implementing monitoring, capacity, ongoing operations 
Minimum ten (10) years of service (eg. Voice, Internet, Video), infrastructure (network, compute, storage), and platform engineering and operation 
ADDITIONAL JOB QUALIFICATIONS 
Ability to read, write, speak and understand English 
Ability to communicate with employees, customers, and suppliers, in person, on the phone, and by written communications in a clear, straight-forward, and professional manner
 Expert level knowledge and understanding of network, infrastructure, and applications, with emphasis on provisioning and DNS 
Expert level knowledge of multiple domains associated with the telecommunications business and technologies 
Expert engineering and operations knowledge transforming innovation into hardened platforms 
Knowledge of methodologies and best practices to improve provisioning, activation and DNS 
Demonstrated leadership capabilities with the ability to work across functional boundaries, build consensus, and drive results 
Ability to comfortably and successfully present ideas to various audiences, from front-line employees to company executives 
Demonstrated interpersonal skills and ability to work effectively and collaboratively with a wide range of stakeholders 
Skillfully synthesize large quantities of complex information under pressure; distill information into the most critical issues and draw accurate conclusions
 Operate within high degree of uncertainty, handle highly sensitive information, provide direction across organizations. 
Ability to manage through competing priorities, complexity and rapid change with a strong process orientation 
Ability to meet rigorous deadlines while managing multiple projects concurrently 
Ability to make decisions and solve problems while working under pressure 
Outstanding work ethic; display a high sense of urgency to resolve issues quickly and efficiently 
Ability to foster teamwork and build a strong culture of collaboration 
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
 Managing large and sophisticated networks, as well as, teams that span geographical locations 
Understanding adjacent functions (Sales, Engineering, Product, CARE, field) 
WORKING CONDITIONS
 Office environment 
Travel required 
#LI-NO 
 
Here, employees don’t just have jobs, they build careers. That’s why we believe in offering a comprehensive pay and benefits package that rewards employees for their contributions to our success, supports all aspects of their well-being, and delivers real value at every stage of life. 
 
The pay for this position has a minimum of  $159700 . The actual salary offer may be higher as we carefully consider a wide range of factors, including your skills, qualifications, experience and location. Also, certain positions are eligible for additional forms of compensation such as commissions or bonuses. Spectrum 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President jobs in Greenwood Village, CO Jobs at Spectrum in Greenwood Village, CO Vice President salaries in Greenwood Village, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Spectrum Spectrum 15,219 reviews Charter Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:CHTR) is a leading broadband connectivity company and cable operator serving more than 31 million cu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
