
 
 
 
 Global R&D Academy Futuristic Technology Leader - South San Francisco, CA 94080 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Global R&D Academy Futuristic Technology Leader Genentech 958 reviews South San Francisco, CA 94080 Genentech 958 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Technology will revolutionize how and what scientists want to learn. Scientists are our backbone of our company and their goal is to bring medicines faster to patients. It is important to develop the best scientists of the world and for that we need to have the best in class, state of the art technology and innovation in how and what scientists want to learn. 
The R&D Academy Technology Leader will have an enterprise wide impact and sphere of influence for Roche and Genentech. This is a highly important leadership role in the R&D Academy (RDA). We have a big vision for scientists with technology playing a key role in offering them a futuristic “one place” for their personalized learning and collaboration. This role will work closely with the R&D Academy Head and the core team in developing the MVPs and re-iterations for the technology solutions the RDA aims to offer for scientists. The role will also partner with scientists to translate insights into actionable growth opportunities for the Pharma organization. Key focus areas include creating a proactive, agile, global organization to build impactful learning experiences for scientists, creating and fostering a learning culture, and driving continuous improvement of R&D Academy services. 
About R&D Academy: https://nucleus.roche.com/ 
RESPONSIBILITIES 
Lead the strategy and vision of technology for learning platform and other technology for all scientists across Roche. 
You lead the identification and validation of technologies through proof-of-concepts that you design. 
You identify and manage required partnerships to ensure cutting-edge capabilities in the intersection of artificial intelligence, technology, and learning. 
You champion an agile, iterative development process driven by design thinking, frequent end-user input, and constant insight generation from data. 
You bring innovation to how and what scientists want to learn to bring medicines to patients faster. 
WHO YOU ARE 
You are motivated by your impact on scientists and ultimately on patients. 
You thrive in a fast-paced, complex work environment with lots of humor. 
You are motivated by the opportunity to rethink our approach to learning. 
Your focus is always on making things possible rather than why things cannot happen. 
No specific degree needed, but you need to be a leader in the intersection of technology, learning, and innovation. 
Comfort and skills operating in a heavily matrixed organization with a keen sense of required communication with various stakeholders. 
Ability to quickly grasp concepts and outstanding ability to handle complexity by simplifying it and providing clear directions to the team. 
Creative, innovative with an open mindset of possibilities. Genentech 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job R&D Engineer jobs in South San Francisco, CA Jobs at Genentech in South San Francisco, CA R&D Engineer salaries in South San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Genentech Genentech 958 reviews Genentech, now a member of the Roche Group, is a leading biotechnology company that discovers, develops, manufactures and commercializes ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
