
 
 
 
 Info Tech Analyst I - Applications - Hawaii - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Info Tech Analyst I - Applications The Queen's Medical Center 65 reviews Hawaii The Queen's Medical Center 65 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Responsibilities 
 
 
 I. JOB SUMMARY/RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 Work involves independently performing technical functions related to intermediate to complex applications/systems in assigned area(s). Consults, analyzes, plans, designs, recommends, reviews, programs, tests and monitors services, including but not limited to applications programming, software development, software design engineering and web development as applicable. Makes recommendations in formulation of procedures and best practice for users of applications. Serves as a lead in setting priorities and recommending technical directions based on programs, systems, services, resources and available technology. Participates in information system planning with assigned area(s), both short and long term Functions as the lead in coordinating and managing projects and work assignments. Works with PMO to coordinate the implementation of related systems/applications when needed. 
II. TYPICAL PHYSICAL DEMANDS: 
 Essential: finger dexterity, seeing, hearing, speaking. Continuous: sitting, static gripping of an object for prolonged periods. Frequent: walking. Occasional: standing, stooping/bending, climbing stairs, walking on uneven ground, lifting and carrying usual weight of 1 pound up to 5 pounds, reaching above, at and below shoulder level, frequent gripping of an object. Operates computer, calculator, telephone, fax and printer. 
III. TYPICAL WORKING CONDITIONS: 
 Not substantially subjected to adverse environmental conditions. Work schedule including providing 24 hours/7 days a week support as required. 
IV. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: 
A. EDUCATION/CERTIFICATION AND LICENSURE: 
 Bachelor's degree in Information Sciences/Computer Science or related field; four (4) years work experience in comparable job may be substituted for educational requirement. Training or experience in advanced analysis and design techniques. Based on area of assignment, must successfully complete and maintain certification(s) in the application(s) assigned, and as may be specified per the training agreement. 
B. EXPERIENCE: 
 In addition to educational requirement, minimum three (3) years experience in healthcare information systems in two (2) or more of the following areas: applications design, selection, implementation and support, on line transaction processing systems, systems software, performance evaluation and tuning, automated systems and operations, system integration, artificial intelligence, expert systems, and design, implementation, tuning and support. Prior leadership experience in leading information system projects and/or assignments. Experience to demonstrate: 
 o Knowledge of computer technology as related to telecommunications, networks or client operations. 
 o In-depth understanding in multiple areas of hospital systems, including business/clinical information systems and technological aspects that affect the organization. 
 Depending upon area of assignment, experience in a specific area of IT may be required. 
 
 Equal Employment Opportunity 
 
 
 Equal Opportunity Employer / Disability / Vet The Queen's Medical Center 29 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Application Analyst jobs in Hawaii Jobs at The Queen's Medical Center in Hawaii Application Analyst salaries in Hawaii Company Info Follow Get job updates from The Queen's Medical Center 65 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
