
 
 
 
 Mentors (Independent Contractor) - Artificial Intelligence, Microsoft Azure, Azure Data Lake and Azure SQL - Texas City, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Mentors (Independent Contractor) - Artificial Intelligence, Microsoft Azure, Azure Data Lake and Azure SQL Udacity 37 reviews Texas City, TX Udacity 37 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Part-time Contract Full Job Description Udacity's mission is to train the world's workforce in the careers of the future. We partner with leading companies to learn how technology is transforming industries, then teach the critical tech skills that individuals need for new and better jobs, and companies are looking for in their workforce. With Nanodegree programs ranging from AI and Azure to Data Science, Robotic Process Automation, and Cybersecurity, our online training platform helps even the busiest learners prepare themselves for the most in-demand tech roles. 
 
Udacity's unique learning model of real-world projects and experts and mentors available 24/7 enables an unprecedented degree of engagement with our students, and we are with them through every step of their learning journey—from the first moment a marketing team member might answer a question, to the penultimate moment when a career team member receives word that a graduate has gotten a new job. Always putting  Students First  guides us as we continue our mission to bring the highest quality learning possible, to as many learners as we can possibly reach. 
 
Learn more about Udacity's Values 
 Students First - Better Together - Entrepreneurial - Data Driven - Candid and Direct - Talent Obsessed 
In our mission toward powering careers through tech education, we are doubling down on the support that we offer to our students. As a part of this, we want to extend an opportunity to you to become a mentor with Udacity. Mentors are industry professionals who provide world-class technical support to our students in their academic journeys. All our mentors are handpicked through a rigorous selection process. In fact, only 1 in 22 candidates make the cut—we are picky because we want the best for our learners.
 JOIN THE TEAM TODAY 
 
Required skills/qualifications: 
 
 Technical Competence:  Artificial Intelligence, Familiarity with Azure AI cognitive services, Azure Data Lake and Azure SQL, Python Programming 
 #studentfirst mindset 
 Empathy for learners 
 Flexibility for part-time, independent contract work 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 As a Q&A Professional 
 Provide support to students by responding to technical queries over our  Knowledge  platform. 
 Maintain a response time of less than 1 working hour for student queries through our Knowledge Hub. 
 Provide technically accurate and thorough answers. 
 Read more about the role -  " Knowledge Moderation " 
 
 
 As a Project Reviewer 
 Review project submissions and provide personalized feedback. 
 Ensure that project submissions are original work and have not been plagiarized. 
 Maintain a review time of less than 8 working hours for project submission. 
 Read more about the role -  " Reviews " 
 
 Why should you apply? 
 
 Gain recognition for your technical knowledge 
 Network with other top-notch technical mentors 
 Earn additional income 
 Contribute to a vibrant, global student community 
 Stay updated on the latest in cutting-edge technologies 
 
 There are only  15 open positions , so send in your application ASAP! 
 
Before applying, we would request you to kindly complete the  General Information Form  if you haven't filled it already. 
 
Also, while attaching resume/CV, please make sure the document is in English language. 
 
Note:  Mentors are independent contractors and set their own schedule. Additionally, if you are a good fit, we will reach out within 3 weeks with next steps. Please do not apply multiple times for the same Nanodegree Program. You are requested to graduate from the Mentorship Nanodegree in order to be onboarded as a mentor with Udacity. 
Udacity is committed to creating economic empowerment and a more diverse and equitable world. We have partnered with AT&T, Google, Lyft, Microsoft, Accenture and more to provide over 22,000 scholarships this year to those from communities under-represented in tech. 
 
 To ensure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, national origin, ancestry, disability, medical condition (including genetic information), age, veteran status or military status, denial of pregnancy disability leave or reasonable accommodation. 
 
 Udacity's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Udacity 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Mentor jobs in Texas City, TX Jobs at Udacity in Texas City, TX Mentor salaries in Texas City, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Udacity Udacity 37 reviews Udacity, a pioneer in online education, is building "University by Silicon Valley"​, a new type of online university that teaches the act... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
